Other Issues. Use these procedures to resolve other issues that may occur. The problem Try this! The TV is hot. The picture won't display in full screen. The Not message appears. The Captions item in the TV is grayed out. The TV smells of plastic. This smell is normal and will dissipate over time. Signal Information under Self Diagnosis isn't activated. The TV is tilted to the side. Remove the base stand from the TV and reassemble it. The stand is wobbly or Make sure the indicator arrows on the stand and stand holder are properly aligned. crooked. The remote control and/or voice control does not work. Watching TV for an extended period of time causes the panel to generate heat. The heat from the panel is dissipated through internal vents running along the top of the TV. The bottom, however, may feel hot to the touch after extended use. Children watching TV need constant adult supervision to prevent them from touching the TV. This heat, however, is not a defect and does not affect the TV's functionality. HD channels will have black bars on either side of the screen when displaying upscaled SD (4:3) content. Black bars will appear at the top and bottom of the screen when you watch movies that have aspect ratios different from your TV. Adjust the picture size options on your external device or set the TV to full screen. The output resolution of the attached device is not supported by the TV. Check the TV's supported resolutions and adjust the external device's output resolution accordingly. When an external device is connected with an HDMI or Component cable, the Caption function is unavailable. Adjust the caption setting on the external device. Verify that the current channel is a digital channel. Signal Information is only available for digital channels. The TV ships with protective stickers covering some of the sensors. Make sure all of the stickers have been removed.  The problem Try this! The Broadcasting function has been deactivated. PIP is not available. The settings are lost after 5 minutes or every time the TV is turned off. A POP (TV's internal banner ad) appears on the screen. The TV is making a popping noise. The TV is making a humming noise. The software update over the Internet has failed. Broadcasting is only available when the Source is set to Broadcasting cannot be accessed while you watch TV using a cable box or satellite box. Broadcasting cannot be accessed while a recording is in progress or the Timeshift function is running. PIP is available only when an external device is connected with an HDMI or Component cable. Note that the function is unavailable when Smart Hub is active. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Usage Mode is set to Retail Mode , the TV's audio and video settings are automatically reset every 5 minutes. Change Usage Mode Home Mode Settings General System Manager Usage Mode Change Usage Mode Home Mode Settings General System Manager Usage Mode The expansion and contraction of the TV's outer casing may cause a popping noise. This does not indicate a product malfunction. The TV is safe to use. Your TV utilizes high-speed switching circuits and high levels of electrical current. Depending on the TV's brightness level, the TV may seem slightly noisier than a conventional TV. Your TV has undergone strict quality control procedures that meet our demanding performance and reliability requirements. Some noise coming from the TV is considered normal and is not an acceptable cause for an exchange or refund. Check the network connection status. Settings General Network Network Status If the TV is not connected to a network, connect it to a network. The upgrade stops if you already have the latest software version.