Accessibility Shortcuts menu. Press and hold the VOL button to display the Accessibility Shortcuts menu. The Accessibility Shortcuts menu allows you to turn Voice Guide and other Accessibility functions on or off. Voice Guide speaks the names of the menu items displayed on the screen so that people who cannot see the screen can easily use the TV. The menu contains a number of items including: Voice Guide : This function works on every screen on the TV and when turned on speaks to identify items displayed on screen. For example, it tells you the selected volume, the current channel and program information. It also reads out the program information in the Electronic Program Guide (EPG). High Contrast : This function allows you to display all menus with an opaque black background and a white font, providing maximum contrast. Enlarge : This function enlarges important elements on the screen such as the names of programs. Learn TV Remote : Learn the names and functions of the buttons on remote control. On this screen, pressing the power button (top left button) will turn off the TV, but when any other button is pressed the TV will say the button name and briefly tell what that button does. This teaching mode helps you to learn the location and operation of the buttons on the remote without affecting normal TV operation. Press the button twice to exit Learn TV Remote Learn Menu Screen : Learn the menus on the TV screen. Once enabled, your TV will tell you the structure and features of the menus you select.  Opening the Accessibility Shortcuts menu On the Samsung Smart Remote, there are two thin horizontal rocker buttons next to each other located slightly below the middle of the remote. The one on the left is the volume rocker button. Press and hold the volume rocker button to open the Accessibility Shortcuts menu. If you press and hold the VOL button while Voice Guide is turned off, the Accessibility Shortcuts menu appears and Voice Guide starts. You can turn on or turn off the functions such as Voice Guide Video Description High Contrast Enlarge Grayscale Color Inversion Caption Multi-output Audio , and you can move to the Learn TV Remote and Learn Menu Screen pages. Using the Accessibility Shortcuts menu To use the Accessibility Shortcuts menu, you will need to locate the Directional and Select buttons. To learn where the buttons are located, refer to the Learn TV Remote menu. Use the up and down directional buttons to move between the menu items. Press the Select button to turn on or turn off the function indicated by the menu where you are located. Again, use the up and down directional buttons to move between options and press Select to choose an option. To close this menu, use the right directional button to get to the Close option and select this, or press the button.