Buttons and functions available while playing multimedia. content Review available media playback, control, and record buttons and descriptions of how they are used. Press the Select button while playing any video, photo, or recorded content. The following buttons appear. The provided buttons or functions may differ with the media content type. The available buttons and functions may differ with the content you are viewing or playing. Pause Play Start Pauses or plays the multimedia content. You can use the following functions when the video is paused. Slow Rewind Slow Forward : Allows you to play a video slowly backward or forward by selecting the option. There are 3 playback speeds. To change the playback speed, press the option repeatedly. To return to normal speed, select the option or press the button. Jump Backward / Jump Forward: Press the up directional button to move the focus to the playback control bar, and then select the left or right directional button in the playback control bar to move backward or forward by 10 seconds in the video. Move to a specific playback section, move up the focus on the playback bar, and then select one of the five thumbnails. This function may not be supported depending on the file format. Previous Next Displays the previous or the next multimedia content file. Rewind Fast Forward Rewinds or fast forwards the multimedia content. To increase the rewind or fast forward speed up to 3 times faster than normal, select the button repeatedly. To return to normal speed, select the option or press the button. 360 Mode Provides a 360-degree view for videos and photos. This function may not be supported depending on the file format. Repeat Plays the current multimedia content repeatedly or all multimedia content files in the same folder repeatedly. Shuffle Plays music files in random order. Picture Off Plays multimedia content with the screen off.  Screen Fit Fits a photo to the screen. Rotate left Rotate right Rotates a photo left or right. Zoom Zooms in a photo by up to a factor of 4. Background Music During a slideshow, pauses or resumes the background music. Options The available options may differ with the model and content. Function Description Slideshow Speed Sets the slideshow speed. Slideshow Effect Applies transition effects to the slide show. Background Music Subtitles Rotate Rotates the video. Audio Language Information Displays detailed information about the current multimedia content. Plays background music while the TV displays photos. The music files must be saved in the same USB device as the photo files. To pause the background music, select Background Music on the playback screen bottom. Controls video subtitles. Subtitles : Turns the language of the subtitles on or off. Sync : Adjusts the synchronization when the video and the subtitles are not synchronized. Reset Sync : Resets the subtitle synchronization adjustment to 0. Size : Changes the font size of the subtitles. Encoding : Displays a list of encoding languages. Allows you to change the encoding language when subtitles are displayed incorrectly. Edge Type : Adjusts the position of text and subtitle edges. Edge Color : Changes the color of subtitle edges. Changes the audio language. This function is only available if the video supports multi-track sound.