Using Smart Hub. Connect to Smart Hub for apps, games, movies, and more. Enjoy the multiple functions provided by Smart Hub simultaneously on a single screen. The image on your TV may differ from the image above depending on the model and geographical area. When you press the button on your remote control, you can use the following functions and features. Notification You can view a list of notifications for all events that occur on your TV. A notification appears on the screen when it is time to broadcast a scheduled program or when an event occurs on a registered device. For more information, refer to the Home Settings When the focus is moved to the icon, a list of quick settings icons appears above the top of the menu. You can quickly set frequently used functions by clicking the icons. Sources Connection HDMI 1 HDMI 2 USB 1 USB 2 Source  Universal Remote Guide Source You can select an external device connected to the TV. For more information, refer to between external devices connected to the Search You can search data for channels, programs, movie titles, and apps from Smart Hub. To use this feature, the TV must be connected to the Internet. APPS You can enjoy a wide range of content including news, sports, weather, and games by installing the corresponding apps on your TV. To use this feature, the TV must be connected to the Internet. For more information, refer to the APPS Ambient Mode Ambient Mode , you can view beautiful screens, various visual information, and notifications. To enter Ambient Mode , press the button. To return to the TV mode, press the button. To shut off the TV, press the button. If you press the button when the TV is turned off, the TV turns on in Ambient Mode If you use a remote control other than the Samsung TV remote control, there may be restrictions to entering Ambient Mode Because this function is a QLED TV-specific function, it may not be supported depending on the model. For more information about the Ambient Mode , refer to the Ambient Universal Guide Universal Guide is an app that allows you to search for and enjoy various content such as TV shows, dramas, movies, and music in one place. Universal Guide can recommend content tailored to your preferences and notify you of new drama series. For more information about the Universal Guide , refer to the Universal Guide Images may look blurry depending on the service provider's circumstances. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area.