Changing the content and settings for Ambient Mode. When you press the button in Ambient Mode , the Ambient Mode browser screen appears. In the Ambient Mode browser screen, you can select content and change the Ambient Mode settings. Setting up the content for Ambient Mode The Ambient Mode browser screen displays content at the top and categories at the bottom. Use the left or right directional buttons in the content list at the top to move the focus to content you want, and then press the Select button. The selected content is played in Ambient Mode In the future, more content that you can set up in the Ambient Mode browser will be provided. You can select the following categories and content: Decor : Allows you to select beautiful screens. Info : Provides information such as weather, news headlines, and more. This function may not be supported depending on the geographical area. Photo : Allows you to set a picture stored in your mobile device as the wallpaper of the Ambient Mode screen. You can configure special layouts using your photos. To save photos from your mobile device to the TV and import them in Ambient Mode , use the SmartThings app on your mobile device.  Setting up the Ambient Mode details In the Ambient Mode browser screen, move the focus to , and then press the Select button. You can change the following settings: Brightness : Adjusts the screen brightness for Ambient Mode Color Tone : Adjusts the colors of the screen for Ambient Mode Auto Brightness : Changes the auto brightness setting for Ambient Mode When this function is set to Off , the brightness level of the TV screen is not automatically adjusted according to the ambient light level. Ambient Off Timer : Sets the time that the Ambient Mode screen turns off automatically. If there is no remote control input for the set time, the TV switches to the black screen state. Changing the background color of Ambient Mode To change the background color of Ambient Mode , move the focus to in the Ambient Mode browser screen, and then press the Select button. You can change the background color or pattern. Move the focus to a color or pattern you want, and then press the Select button. Take a picture of a wall using the SmartThings app on your mobile device to set it as the background of Ambient Mode This function may have a delay in image transmission and optimization depending on the network conditions.