Using the guide. Live TV Guide Try Now The image on your TV may differ from the image above depending on the model and geographical area. In the Guide , you can see the daily program schedules for each broadcaster, see program information, choose a program to watch, and set up a scheduled viewing or recording. In the Guide , you can see only the TV programs scheduled after the current time. The Guide also appears when you press the button while watching TV. To see information about analog channels and use the analog channel functions of the Guide , you must finish the service provider settings in initial setup. To view the Guide , you must first set the TV's clock ( Settings General System Manager Time Clock Channel List Recordings Guide Live TV  To start Scheduled viewing, Scheduled recording, and other function for a program listed in the Guide, first move the cursor to it and then press and hold Select button on the remote control to use follows functions: Record : You can make a recording of a current program. This function is not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Schedule Viewing : You can schedule viewing of a broadcast scheduled program. For more information about watching or Schedule Viewing , refer to Up a Schedule Schedule Recording : You can schedule recording of a broadcast scheduled program. This function is not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. For more information about recording or Schedule Recording , refer to Edit Recording Time : You can change the start and end times of scheduled program recordings. This function is not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Stop : You can stop the recording function that is currently running. Cancel Scheduled Viewing Cancel Scheduled Recording : You can cancel scheduled viewings or recordings. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. View Details : You can see detailed information about the selected program. The information may differ with the broadcast signal. If information is not provided with the program, nothing appears. To move to the Channel Filter Antenna Type Schedule Manager screen: Press the button. Channel Filter : You can select a channel filter from a filter list to see a list of channels filtered accordingly. Antenna Type : You can change the type of broadcast signals to receive. Schedule Manager : You can see the Schedule Manager Recording & Schedule Manager screen.