Buttons and functions available while recording a program or. Timeshift Review available buttons and functions of how they are used while recording a program or Timeshift. This function is not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. The available buttons and functions may differ with the functions. When you press the down directional button, the control bar appears and the following options are available: Edit Recording Time You can set for what period of time the program will be recorded. This function is only available when a program is being recorded.  Record You can switch from the Timeshift function to the recording function. When switching to the recording function, you can include the content recorded by the Timeshift function in the new recording. This function is only available when the Timeshift function is running. Go to Live TV Select to return to the current scenes of the program when the recording or Timeshift function is playing its past scenes. Stop Recording Stop Timeshift Ends the recording or Timeshift function. Info Displays the program info window of the program you are recording or time-shifting. Pause Play You can use the following functions when the video is paused. (Note that with the video paused, the TV does not play audio.) Slow Rewind Slow Forward : Allows you to play the video slowly (1/8, 1/4, 1/2) backward or forward by selecting the option. To increase the rewind or forward speed in slow mode up to 3 times, select the option repeatedly. To return to normal speed, select the option. When the Slow Rewind function is activated, you can view the difference between the current recording time and the current rewind time. Jump Backward / Jump Forward: Press the up directional button to move the focus to the playback control bar, and then select the left or right directional button in the playback control bar to move backward or forward by 10 seconds in the video. When the Jump Backward function is activated, you can view the difference between the current recording time and the current rewind time. Rewind Fast Forward This function is not available while you are watching a program that is currently being broadcast.