Watching TV. Turning the TV on Press the button to turn the TV on. Voice guide will speak the channel name. Changing channel You can change the channel in a number of ways. Every time you change channels, the new channel details will be announced. The ways to change the channel are below. Channel List Live TV Channel List Press the button. The Home Screen appears. Use the directional button to move to Live TV . Then use the up directional buttons to move to Channel List , and then press the Select button. In the Channel List , use the up or down directional buttons to move to the desired channel, and then press the Select button. button: Of the two buttons that protrude from the center of the remote control, the right one is the button. Push up or pull down the button to change the channel. Use the number buttons directly or press the button on the standard remote control to change the channel. Use the button on the Samsung Smart Remote to display the virtual numeric pad on the screen.  Using on-screen number entry via the Samsung Smart Remote: Use the virtual numeric pad to enter numbers e.g. to enter a channel number or to enter a PIN. Press the button on the Samsung Smart Remote and the virtual numeric pad with 2 rows appears on screen. Voice Guide speaks virtual numeric pad, 6 which indicates that the number strip is on screen and the focus is on the number 6. This strip has the following buttons: On the bottom row: From the far left: , -(dash), Delete Move to the top Move to the bottom The top row has one option, Done This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Use the left and right directional buttons to move along the row, and then press Select to choose the numeric pad. When you have finished selecting all the numbers you need (for example, 123), press the up directional button to move to the Done option, and then press Select to finish. When entering a channel number, you can enter the number, and then select the Done option on the top row or you can enter the channel number and wait. After a short while, the channel will change and the virtual numeric pad will disappear from the screen. Changing volume Use the VOL button on the left to change the volume. Every time you change the volume, the new volume level will be announced. VOL button: Of the two buttons that protrude from the center of the remote control, the left one is the VOL button. Push up or pull down the VOL button to change the volume. Press the VOL button on the standard remote control to adjust the volume. Using program information When watching TV, press the Select button to view program information which then appears at the top of the screen. Voice Guide will say program subtitles or audio descriptions if they are available. To view more detailed program information, press and hold the Select button. Voice Guide will say more details such as a synopsis of the program. Press the left or right directional button to see what you can watch next on the same channel. Press the up or down directional button to move to other channels and to see which programs are currently being broadcast on them. Press to go back or close the program details. This function may not be supported depending on the geographical area.