Using the guide. See an overview of each channel's program lineup. When you want to know the program information for each channel while watching a broadcast program, press the button on the remote control. Use the directional buttons to view the program information. Live TV Guide You can see the daily program schedules for each broadcaster and program information in the Guide . You can select programs to schedule for viewing or recording. You can also open the Guide using Bixby . Press and hold the button on your Samsung Smart Remote, and then say the command guide This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. The information in the Guide is for digital channels only. Analog channels are not supported. If the Clock is not set, the Guide is not provided. Set the Clock first. ( Settings General System Manager Time Clock If you need to set the clock again, follow the instructions below. Press the button to open Smart Hub Press the left directional button to move to Settings Press the Select button to display the Settings menu screen. Use the up and down directional buttons to move to the General menu, and then press the Select button. Use the up and down directional buttons to move to the System Manager menu, and then press the Select button. Select the Time menu, and then press the Select button. Select the Clock menu, and then press the Select button. Select the Clock Mode menu, press the Select button, and then select Auto Manual If you select Manual , you can move to the Date Time menu below to set the time.  When you open the Guide , a table grid of channels and programs is displayed. The top row displays Channel Filter then the day and times. Each row has a channel name on the left and programs on that channel on the right. In the Guide , use the up and down directional buttons to move between channels and use the left and right directional buttons to move between programs within a channel. You can also use the button to enter a channel number and go to that channel directly. You can use the button to go to the current time. When you move the focus to a program, you will hear the program title, start/end time, and synopsis. You will also hear if the Video Description and Caption are available for the program. When you move the focus to a different channel, you will hear the channel name and number, and then the program details. If you move to a different day, you will hear the day announced for the first program you reach on that day. The day is not repeated, so if you are not sure what the day is, you can move forwards and backwards 24 hours and then the day will be announced. To view a program on now In the Guide , move to the program currently broadcasting, and then press the Select button to go to live TV on the selected channel and program.  Other options in the guide In the Guide , move to a broadcast scheduled program, and then press the Select button. A pop-up menu listing the functions below appears. For the program you are currently watching, press and hold the Select button. Use the up and down directional buttons to move within this menu, and then press Select to choose an item. Press to close the menu and go back to the Guide Record You can record the program that you are currently watching or a program on another channel. This function is not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Schedule Viewing You can schedule viewing for a broadcast scheduled program. Schedule Recording You can schedule recording for a broadcast scheduled program. This function is not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. For more information on Schedule Recording , refer to Edit Recording Time You can change the start and end times of scheduled program recordings. This function is not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Stop You can stop the recording function that is currently running. Cancel Scheduled Viewing Cancel Scheduled Recording You can cancel your scheduled viewings and recordings. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. View Details You can see the detailed information on the selected program. The information may differ with the broadcast signal. If the information is not provided with the program, nothing appears. Press Select on the View Details option. This will open the details pop-up window for that program which will display a synopsis. The details pop-up window consists of detailed information and the option. After reading the detailed information, press the Select button on the remote control to close the pop-up window.  Displaying your favorite channels: If you have set up favorite channels, you will be able to filter the Guide so that only those channels are shown. This makes it easier to find channels you want. To display your favorites list, move to the current time (press the button) and then press the left directional button to move to the list of channels. Use the up directional button to move up the list until you reach the Filter By : All option. Press Select to bring up a list of options. Use the up and down directional buttons to move between the categories in the list. Highlight the option you want, for example, Favorites 1 , and then press Select. The Guide will then show the information for only those channels. When you have set a filter in the Guide , it will remain when you close and re-open the Guide . If you find that you don't have the channels you think you should, it is a good idea to check the category, and then select Filter By : All which will display all tuned channels.