Testing the picture. Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Picture Test Try Now Before you review the list of problems and solutions below, use Start Picture Test to determine if the problem is caused by the TV. Start Picture Test displays a high definition picture you can examine for flaws or faults. The problem Try this! Flickering and Dimming Component Connections/ Screen Color Screen Brightness Ghosting, Blurring, or Juddering If your TV is flickering or dimming sporadically, you may need to disable some of the energy efficiency features. Disable Ambient Light Detection Power Saving Mode , or Motion Lighting Settings General Eco Solution Ambient Light Detection Settings General Eco Solution Power Saving Mode Settings General Eco Solution Motion Lighting If the color on your TV screen is not correct or the black and white colors are off, run Start Picture Test Settings Support Self Diagnosis Start Picture Test If the test results indicate that the problem is not caused by the TV, do the following: Confirm that the video input connectors are connected to the correct external device video output connectors. Check the other connections as well. If the TV is connected to an external device via a component cable, confirm that the Pb, Pr, and Y jacks are plugged into their proper connectors. If the colors on your TV are correct but just a little too dark or bright, try adjusting the following settings first. Settings Picture Expert Settings Backlight Settings Picture Expert Settings Contrast Settings Picture Expert Settings Brightness Settings Picture Expert Settings Sharpness Settings Picture Expert Settings Color Settings Picture Expert Settings Tint (G/R) If you notice ghosting or blurring on the screen, use the Auto Motion Plus Settings function to resolve the issue. Settings Picture Expert Settings Auto Motion Plus Settings  The problem Try this! Unwanted Powering Off Problems Powering On Unable to find a Channel The TV image does not look as good as it did in the store. The picture is distorted. The color is wrong or missing. If your TV appears to turn off by itself, try disabling some of the TV's energy efficiency functions. See if Sleep Timer has been enabled. The Sleep Timer automatically turns the TV off after a specified period of time. Settings General System Manager Time Sleep Timer If the Sleep Timer has not been enabled, see if Auto Power Off Off Timer has been enabled and disable it. Settings General Eco Solution Auto Power Off Settings General System Manager Time Off Timer If you are having problems powering on your TV, there are a number of things to check before calling the service department. Confirm that the TV's power cord is connected correctly at both ends and that the remote control is operating normally. Make sure that the antenna cable or cable TV cable is firmly connected. If you have a cable box or satellite box, confirm that it is plugged in and turned on. If your TV is not connected to a cable box or satellite box, run Auto Program Settings Broadcasting Auto Program Store displays are all tuned to digital, HD (high definition) channels. If you have an analog cable box or satellite box, upgrade to a digital cable box or satellite box. Use HDMI or Component cables to deliver HD (high definition) picture quality. Many HD channels are upscaled from SD (Standard Definition) content. Look for a channel that is broadcasting HD content. Cable/Satellite Subscribers: Try HD channels from the channel lineup. Air/Cable Antenna Connection: Try HD channels after running the Auto Program function. Settings Broadcasting Auto Program Adjust the cable box or satellite box's video output resolution to 1080i or 720p. The compression of video content may cause picture distortions, especially in fast moving pictures from sports programs and action movies. If the signal reception is weak or poor, screen distortion may be visible but it is not a malfunction. Mobile phones used close to the TV (within 3.2 ft) may cause noise on analog and digital channels. If you're using a Component connection, make sure that the Component cables are connected to the correct jacks. Incorrect or loose connections may cause color problems or a blank screen.  The problem Try this! The color is poor or the picture is not bright enough. There is a dotted line on the edge of the screen. The picture is black and white. If the test picture does not appear or there is noise or distortion, the TV may have a problem. Contact Samsung's Call Center for assistance. If the test picture is displayed properly, there may be a problem with an external device. Please check the connections. If the problem persists, check the signal strength or refer to the external device's user manual. Go to Picture and then adjust the Picture Mode Brightness Sharpness , and Color settings. Settings Picture Picture Mode Settings Picture Expert Settings Brightness Settings Picture Expert Settings Sharpness Settings Picture Expert Settings Color See if Power Saving Mode has been enabled. Settings General Eco Solution Power Saving Mode Try resetting the picture. Settings Picture Expert Settings Reset Picture Change Picture Size Settings 16:9 Standard Settings Picture Picture Size Settings 16:9 Standard If you are using AV or analog equipment, disconnect the adapter from the Component (Blue) input port on the TV and connect it to the AV (Yellow) input port. The Component or AV input port may not be provided depending on the model or geographical area. Check whether Grayscale is set to Settings General Accessibility Grayscale