Before using the recording and schedule recording functions. Recording is not supported in the U.S.A. and Canada. Recording may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. To set up a Schedule Recording, you must first set the TV's clock. Set the Clock Settings General System Manager Time Clock You can set up a maximum total of 30 Schedule Viewing and Schedule Recording entries. Recordings are DRM-protected and therefore cannot be played back on a computer or on a different TV. In addition, these files cannot be played back on your TV if its video circuit has been replaced. A USB hard drive with a speed of 5,400 rpm or above is recommended. However, RAID-type USB hard drives are not supported. USB memory sticks are not supported. The total recording capacity may differ with the amount of available hard drive space and the recording quality level. Schedule Recording requires at least 100 MB of free space on the USB storage device. Recording will stop if the available storage space falls below 50 MB while recording is in progress. If the available storage space falls below 500 MB while both the Schedule Recording and Timeshift functions are in progress, only the recording will stop. The maximum recording time is 720 minutes. Videos are played according to the TV settings. If the input signal is changed while recording is in progress, the screen will go blank until the change is made. In this case, recording will resume, but will not be available.  When using the Record or Schedule Recording function, the actual recording may start a second or two later than the specified time. If the Schedule Recording function is operating while a recording is being made on an HDMI-CEC external device, the priority is given to the Schedule Recording. Connecting a recording device to the TV automatically deletes abnormally saved recorded files. If the Off Timer Auto Power Off has been set, the TV will override these settings, continue to record, and turn off after the recording has ended. Settings General System Manager Time Sleep Timer Settings General Eco Solution Auto Power Off