Using the Home Screen in Smart Hub. On the leftmost part of the Home Screen in Smart Hub is the static menu listed below. You can quickly and easily use the listed menu items to access the main TV settings or external devices, search, and apps. Notification You can view a list of notifications for all events that occur on your TV. A notification appears on the screen when it is time to broadcast a scheduled program or when an event occurs on a registered device. If you move the focus to Notification , and then press the Select button, a notification window appears on the right and the following functions are available: Delete All : You can delete all your notifications. Settings : You can select services you want to be notified about. When you select Allow sound notifications are displayed with a notification sound. Settings When the focus is moved to the icon, a list of quick settings icons appears above the top of the menu. You can quickly set frequently used functions by clicking the icons. Picture Mode You can select the picture mode that provides the best viewing experience. To change the picture mode, press the Select button. To make fine adjustments, press the up directional button, and then select Picture Setup Sound Mode You can select a sound mode to optimize your listening experience. To change the sound mode, press the Select button. To make fine adjustments, press the up directional button, and then select Equalizer Setup Sound Output You can select which speakers the TV uses for audio output. To change the audio output, press the Select button. To connect to a Bluetooth speaker, press the up directional button, and then select Speaker List Connecting to a Bluetooth speaker may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area.  Caption You can watch TV broadcasts with captions. To activate/deactivate the accessibility features such as Caption , press the Select button. To run Accessibility Shortcuts , press the up directional button, and then select Accessibility Shortcuts Sleep Timer You can have the TV automatically turn off at a specific time. To change the sleep time, press the Select button. To set the specific time at which the TV turns off automatically, press the up directional button, and then select Set Up Off Timer Network You can view the current network and Internet status. Press the up directional button, and then select Network Status Network Settings This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Source You can select an external device connected to the TV. For more information, refer to between external devices connected to the Search A virtual keyboard appears on the screen, and you can search for channels, apps, titles of movies, or apps provided by the Smart Hub service. To use this feature, the TV must be connected to the Internet. APPS You can enjoy a wide range of content including news, sports, weather, and games by installing the corresponding apps on your TV. To use this feature, the TV must be connected to the Internet. For more information, refer to the APPS Ambient Mode Ambient Mode , you can view beautiful screens, various visual information, and notifications. To enter Ambient Mode , press the button. To return to the TV mode, press the button. To shut off the TV, press the button. If you press the button when the TV is turned off, the TV turns on in Ambient Mode If you use a remote control other than the Samsung TV remote control, there may be restrictions to entering Ambient Mode Because this function is a QLED TV-specific function, it may not be supported depending on the model. For more information about the Ambient Mode , refer to the Ambient