Creating a Personal Favorites List. Designate frequently watched channels as favorite channels. Favorite channels are highlighted in the Edit Channel and Channel List screens with the symbol Registering channels as favorites Live TV Channel List Press the right directional button to move to the Category List Select Favorites Select a favorites list. When you select a favorites list, the Edit Favorites screen appears. Move to the channel you want to add, and then press the Select button. Repeat Step 4 to select all the channels you want to add. Press the right directional button to move to the icon, and then press the Select button. The selected channels are added to the favorites list. To add channels to a favorites list - Detail Open the Channel List Press the right directional button to move to the Category List Use the up and down directional buttons to move to Favorites , and then press Select. You will see Favorites 1 Favorites 5 . Move to the list to which you want to add channels, and then press the Select button. Use the up directional button to move to Edit Favorites , and then press the Select button. In the Edit Favorites screen, move to a channel you want to add to the favorites list, and then press the Select button. Repeat Step 5 to select all channels you want to add. Press the right directional button to move to the icon, then press the Select button. The selected channels are added to the favorites list.  Deleting channels from a favorites list Detail Open the Channel List Press the right directional button to move to the Category List Use the up and down directional buttons to move to Favorites , and then press Select. You will see Favorites 1 Favorites 5 . Move to the list from which you want to delete channels, and then press the Select button. Use the up directional button to move to Edit Favorites , and then press the Select button. In the Edit Favorites screen, move to a channel you want to delete from the favorites list, and then press the Select button. Repeat Step 5 to select all channels you want to delete. Press the left directional button to move to the icon, and then press the Select button. The selected channels are deleted from the favorites list. Viewing and selecting channels on favorites lists only Live TV Channel List Open the Channel List Press the right directional button to move to the Category List Use the up and down directional buttons to move to Favorites , and press the Select button. The Favorites 1 Favorites 5 appear. Move to the list you want, and then press the Select button. The channels in the selected favorites list appear.