Displaying the Home Screen. Press the button. The image on your TV may differ from the image above depending on the model and geographical area. On the Home Screen, you can easily run the apps you have used previously or frequently. The apps can also be moved or deleted from the screen. Notification You can view a list of notifications for all events that occur on your TV. A notification appears on the screen when it is time to view a scheduled program or when an event occurs on a registered device. If you move the focus to Notification , and then press the Select button, a notification window appears on the right and the following functions are available: Delete All You can delete all your notifications. Settings You can select services you want to be notified about. When you select Allow sound , notifications are displayed with a notification sound. Sources Connection HDMI 1 HDMI 2 USB 1 USB 2 Source  Universal Remote Guide Settings When the focus is moved to the icon, a list of quick settings icons appears above the top of the menu. You can quickly set frequently used functions by clicking the icons. Picture Mode You can select the picture mode that provides the best viewing experience. To change the picture mode, press the Select button. To make fine adjustments, press the up directional button, and then select Picture Setup Sound Mode You can select a sound mode to optimize your listening experience. To change the sound mode, press the Select button. To make fine adjustments, press the up directional button, and then select Equalizer Setup Sound Output You can select which speakers the TV uses for audio output. To change the audio output, press the Select button. To connect to a Bluetooth speaker, press the up directional button, and then select Speaker List Connecting Bluetooth speaker may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. Caption You can watch TV broadcasts with captions. To activate/deactivate the Caption function, press the Select button. To run Accessibility Shortcuts , press the up directional button, and then select Accessibility Shortcuts Sleep Timer You can have the TV automatically turn off at a specific time. To change the sleep time, press the Select button. To set the specific time at which the TV turns off automatically, press the up directional button, and then select Set Up Off Timer Network You can view the current network and Internet status. Press the up directional button, and then select Network Status Network Settings Pressing Settings displays all setting menus available. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area.  Source You can select an external device connected to the TV. For more information, refer to between external devices connected to the Search You can search the apps or games in Smart Hub services. To use this feature, the TV must be connected to the Internet. APPS You can enjoy a wide range of content including news, sports, weather, and games by installing the corresponding apps on your TV. To use this feature, the TV must be connected to the Internet. For more information, refer to the APPS Ambient Mode Ambient Mode , you can view beautiful screens, various visual information, and notifications. To enter Ambient Mode , press the button. To return to the TV mode, press the button. To shut off the TV, press the button. If you press the button when the TV is turned off, the TV turns on in Ambient Mode If you use a remote control other than the Samsung TV remote control, there may be restrictions to entering Ambient Mode Because this function is a QLED TV-specific function, it may not be supported depending on the model. For more information about the Ambient Mode , refer to the Ambient Universal Guide Universal Guide is an app that allows you to search for and enjoy various content such as TV shows, dramas, movies, and music in one place. Universal Guide can recommend content tailored to your preferences and notify you of new drama series. For more information about the Universal Guide , refer to the Universal Guide Images may look blurry depending on the service provider's circumstances. This function may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area.  The image on your TV may differ from the image above depending on the model and geographical area. Moving an item on the Home Screen Move the focus to the app you want to move, press the down directional button on the remote control, and then select Move . Move the app to the desired position by pressing the left or right directional button, and then press the Select button. The selected app is moved on the Home screen. Removing an item on the Home Screen Move the focus to the app you want to delete, press the down directional button on the remote control, and then select Remove . The selected app is deleted. You can add the apps you want to use often to the Home Screen using APPS. To add your favorite apps to the Home Screen, refer to purchased or installed