About the Samsung Smart Remote (UHD TV). Learn about the buttons on the Samsung Smart Remote that comes with the UHD TV.  Button Description (Bixby) (Number button) (Color button) Directional pad (up/ down/left/right) Select (Return) Press to return to the Home Screen. (Smart Hub) (Play/pause) Move the button up or down to adjust the volume. To mute the sound, press the button. When VOL (Volume) pressed for 1 second or more, the Accessibility Shortcuts appear. (Channel) Use the Samsung Smart Remote less than 20 feet from the TV. The usable distance may vary with the wireless environmental conditions. The images, buttons, and functions of the Samsung Smart Remote may differ with the model. The Samsung Smart Remote may not be supported depending on the model or geographical area. To use the Samsung Smart Remote to control a compatible external device that does not support HDMI-CEC (Anynet+), you must configure universal remote control for the device. For more information, refer to External Devices with the Samsung Smart Remote - Using the Universal To use the Samsung Smart Remote to control a compatible external device that does support HDMI-CEC (Anynet+), connect the device to an HDMI port on the TV using an HDMI cable. For more information, refer to Anynet+ (HDMI-  Runs Bixby . Press and hold the button, say a command, and then release the button to run Bixby When you press the button, the Enter My Bixby menu appears at the bottom of the screen. Press to bring up the virtual numeric pad on the screen. Use the numeric keypad to enter numeric values. Select numbers and then select Done to enter a numeric value. Use to change the channel, enter a PIN, enter a ZIP code, etc. If the Color Button appears with a number strip on the screen, select the Color Button and then select a specific color by using the directional pad (up/down/left/right). Use this to access additional options that are specific to the feature in use. Use these colored buttons to access additional options that are specific to the feature in use. These buttons are not available in the U.S.A. and Canada. Moves the focus. Selects or runs a focused item. When pressed while you are watching content, detailed program information appears. Press to return to the previous menu. When pressed for 1 second or more, the running function is terminated. When pressed while you are watching a program, the previous channel appears. When pressed, the playback controls appear. Using these controls, you can control the media content that is playing. Move the button up or down to change the channel. To see the Guide screen, press the button. Press and hold the button up or down to quickly change the channel.