Step by Step instructions to run the options. Turning on Voice Guide Press and hold the VOL button on the remote. The Accessibility Shortcuts menu appears. Press the up or down directional buttons on the remote to move to and highlight the Voice Guide option. Press the Select button on the remote to turn Voice Guide on or off. Close the menu either by pressing on the remote or by pressing the right directional button to highlight Close , and then pressing the Select button.  Turning on Video Description Press and hold the VOL button on the remote. The Accessibility Shortcuts menu appears. Press the up or down directional buttons on the remote to move to and highlight the Video Description option. Press the Select button on the remote to turn Video Description on or off. Close the menu either by pressing on the remote or by pressing the right directional button to highlight Close , and then pressing the Select button. Learning TV Remote Press and hold the VOL button on the remote. The Accessibility Shortcuts menu appears. Press the up or down directional buttons on the remote to move to and highlight the Learn TV Remote option. Press the Select button on the remote. You are now in the e-Manual and specifically on the Learn TV Remote page. Press a button on the remote. The name and function of the button are heard. When you have finished and want to exit the e-Manual, press the button twice to go to the previous page. Accessing the main accessibility menu to change Voice Guide settings You can also go to an accessibility menu from the TV settings menu. This provides more options, for example, to change the speed of Voice Guide. The TV will not verbalize this menu unless Voice Guide is already turned on. Press the button. Press the left directional button until you reach Settings Press Select and a menu will open. Press the down directional button to reach General , and then press Select to open this menu. Use the directional buttons to go to the Accessibility menu, and then press Select to open this menu. The menu will appear with Voice Guide Settings being the first menu. Highlight Voice Guide Settings , and then press Select. A menu appears with the options to change Voice Guide and Volume Speed Pitch Select the menu using the directional buttons, and then press Select.