SUSU Science Library is the largest library in the region; its book collection includes more than 13 000 000 items. The university also has 7 museums and the only-in-Russia University Television and Radio Company “SUSU-TV”, broadcasting 24/7 on air as well as via cable networks and in the Internet.The Science Library of South Ural State University was established in 1943 and is currently one of the biggest university libraries of the Ural Region. The library's collection includes both contemporary scientific, educational and reference editions (Russian and foreign ones), and selections of rare books of the 19th – 20th century. The collection comprises over 2 mln. items. Printed editions are complimented by electronic documents: books, journals, newspapers, video and audio materials. The library features 11 reading rooms, two electronic resources rooms, and 4 delivery desks (natural sciences and technical literature, social sciences and humanities literature, fiction literature, and a delivery desk for extramural students).The museum was established in 1980 at the initiative of the Chairperson of the Council of Veterans of the Chelyabinsk Polytechnic Institute Irina Aleksandrovna Korobova. The first part of the exhibit tells about the history of the university's creation. The museum's visitors learn how in 1951 Chelyabinsk Mechanical Engineering Institute was reorganized into Chelyabinsk Polytechnic Institute, and what the first student's cards and grade books looked like. Also in the museum you will find a model of the Shopping Center's building, and the Book of Distinguished Visitors of Chelyabinsk Polytechnic Institute.The Geological Museum was opened at the SUSU Faculty of Architecture and Construction on April 12, 2010. The exhibit features rocks and minerals that represent the natural wealth of the Ural Region. The museum has a big collection of iron, copper, nickel ores, and raw materials for production of construction materials. Moreover, the visitors can see ornamental, semiprecious stones and gem stones here. Over one thousand items are exhibited at the museum.The Arts Hall of South Ural State University was opened on May 8, 2003. Over the years, the Arts Hall has held over 60 exhibitions featuring artworks from Chelyabinsk Regional State Art Museum, Chelyabinsk Regional Division of the Union of Russian Artists, Gildiya Masterov (Craftsmen Guild) creative union, and private collections. The exhibits of the Russian Academy of Arts and the State Russian Museum deserve a special mentioning. Gradually the university is forming its own art collection based on the works donated by artists. The art of photography is also paid attention here. Photo exhibitions of works by famous Chelyabinsk and Russian photographers are regularly held at the Arts Hall.