Scotus gave the lecture, "Lectura" I 39, during 1297–1299 to refute the view that everything is necessary and immutable. He claims that the aim of this lecture has two points ("Lectura" I 39, §31): first, to consider the contingency in what is ("de contingentia in entibus"); second, to consider how God's certain knowledge is compatible with the contingency of things. Scotus tries to defend the validity of Christian theology against the attack of ancient philosophers. The main argument is unpacked in "Lectura" I 39, §§49–53. Scotus argues that a necessary being (God) is able to have contingent knowledge, and that although this knowledge is contingent, it is not necessarily mutable and temporal by that very fact.  In "Lectura" I 39 §1, Scotus asks, "whether God has determinate knowledge of things according to every aspect of their existence, as according to being in the future." He presents a counterview which claims that God cannot have determinate knowledge of the future. To support this counterview, Aristotle's "De Interpretatione" IX. In the following arguments, Scotus does not attempt to contradict Aristotle. He does not affirm or reject the ideas of Aristotle. The only issue he argues against is the proposition that God cannot have determinate knowledge of the future. Scotus appears to try to fully demonstrate that Aristotle's text is not contradictory to the Christian doctrine of God. Scotus argues that God wills with one single volition ("unica volitione") whatever he wills. God has one volition "ad intra", but this one volition can be related to many opposite things "ad extra". God can simultaneously will one thing at time 1 and the opposite thing at time 2. There are various possible interpretations of Aristotle's "De Interpretatione" IX. For example, John Buridan (ca. 1300–1362) thought the Scotistic contingency theory was an Aristotelian view. Buridan's judgment is all the more possible because of at least four reasons: (1) Aristotle's "De Interpretatione" IX, 19a23-25 can be interpreted like the Scotistic contingency theory; (2) Scotus himself does not refute Aristotle's "De Interpretatione" IX in "Lectura" I 39 §§49–53; (3) Scotus, rather, tries to formulate his contingency theory with the help of other works of Aristotle in "Lectura" I 39 §§51, 54; (4) Scotus introduces the diachronic feature of God's volition to his contingency theory as well as the synchronic feature.