After "Metal Gear 2: Solid Snake", Kojima planned to release the third "Metal Gear" game in 1994 for the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer in 1994. Besides changing the console, the game was renamed, and its subsequent sequels were given the word "Solid" as the series started using 3D computer graphics. Since then, the games were designed to be more realistic to further entertain the players. "Metal Gear Solid 3" was initially meant to be made for the PlayStation 3, but due to the long wait for the console, the game was developed for the PlayStation 2 instead. As previous game's settings were indoors areas due to difficulties with the consoles, since "Metal Gear Solid 3", Kojima wished to drastically change it despite difficulties. Since "Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty" had several plot points unresolved, it was originally meant to leave it to players to discuss them to come to their own conclusions. This has led to consistency issues in the English versions of "Metal Gear Solid" and "Metal Gear Solid 2" as they mentioned plot elements that were further explored in "Metal Gear Solid 4".
A novel adaptation of the original "Metal Gear" was published in 1988 as a part of Scholastic's "Worlds of Power" line of novelizations, which were based on third-party NES games. It was written by Alexander Frost. The novelization is not based on the game's official storyline, but rather on Konami of America's localization of the plot. The book takes further liberties by giving Solid Snake the name of Justin Halley, and by changing the name of Snake's unit from FOXHOUND to the "Snake Men". In Japan, a "Metal Gear" gamebook was published on March 31, 1988, shortly after the release of the game on the Famicom. It is set two years after the events of the original "Metal Gear" and is part of the "Konami Gamebook Series". A novelization of "Metal Gear Solid" was published in 2008. It was written by Raymond Benson, the author of nine James Bond novels. Benson also wrote a "" novelization, which was published in 2009. Critical reaction to Benson's novelizations has been generally positive, with Bookgasm.com writing that "Benson does a fine job translating the game to the page" with "Metal Gear Solid", and MishMashMagazine.com calling "Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty" "a great companion to the game". A Japanese-language novelization of "" by Project Itoh was published on June 12, 2008. The novel was translated into English by Viz Media and was released on June 19, 2012.