PSXextreme praised Cloud's redesign in "Kingdom Hearts" as one of the best in the game, describing it is a "hybrid" of his and Vincent Valentine's designs. According to AnimeFringe, Cloud's appearance in "Kingdom Hearts" was one of the things that excited "Final Fantasy VII" fans the most. His development in "Advent Children" was praised by DVD Talk as one of the best parts from the film. James Mielke of 1UP.com commented that Cloud's guilt over Aerith's death was effective enough to move viewers, but regarded such scenes as "manipulative". Michael Beckett, writing for RPGamer, referred to Cloud overcoming Aerith's death as central to the film, and called his fight sequences "the most creative and impressive scenes". "Newtype USA" also praised Cloud's role in "Advent Children" due to his heroic traits despite being a reluctant hero. Mielke also described the characters as "beautiful; perfect almost", commenting that Cloud possessed "unbreakably perfect hair". Briana Lawerence of Mania Entertainment, however, listed Cloud second in her article "10 Male Headaches of Anime", criticizing his feeling of guilt about Aerith's death. Joystiq's Andrew Yoon opined that the director's cut version of the film provides more depth to Cloud's development, taking advantage of its longer runtime by better "humanizing [him]". A 2010 GamesRadar article showcasing classic game character redesigns contrasted Cloud's appearances in "Advent Children" and "Final Fantasy VII", stating that the move away from low polygon models necessitated the change, and commenting that Square Enix alters the design with each title he features in. In another article, GamesRadar stated that while Cloud felt like a "miserable" character in the film, his coming on terms with his past was appealing alongside his new swords stored in his bike. Yoshinori Kitase stated that the fight between Cloud and Sephiroth was popular enough to make Japanese gamers do a remake of it for the crossover "Dissidia Final Fantasy" and expected Western fans also emulate it.