On January 18, 2012, The CW green-lit a pilot for a proposed Green Arrow series with Greg Berlanti, Marc Guggenheim and Andrew Kreisberg producing. The series, "Arrow", offers a fresh take on the character, and initially does not feature superpowers, as a way to take a realistic look at the characters in this universe. In addition to being the vigilante archer the series also features flashbacks to Oliver's time on the island and the events that shaped him into the hero in the present.Andrew Kreisberg explained that, "We designed [Oliver] as a character a little more tortured" than the comic series Green Arrow. Stephen Amell portrays Oliver Queen in the series. It premiered in North America on October 10, 2012, and was picked up for a full season later that month. On February 11, 2013, "Arrow" was renewed for a second season, which premiered on October 9, 2013. On February 13, 2014, The CW renewed the series for a third season, which premiered on October 8, 2014. On January 11, 2015, "Arrow" was renewed for a 23-episode fourth season, which has premiered on October 7, 2015. Unlike in the comic books, Queen does not go by the alias "Green Arrow" until the fourth season; in the first season he is called "The Hood" and during the second and third seasons, he re-dubs himself "The Arrow" until Ra's al Ghul's monomania in trying to get him to be his successor forces Roy Harper to take the fall as being the Arrow to save Oliver from the police. On January 8, 2017, The CW renewed the show for a sixth season, in which its storyline deals with his careers, marriage, fatherhood, and feud with crime lord Ricardo Diaz. On April 2, 2018, The CW renewed the show for a seventh season, with a new storyline involving Oliver being incarcerated after being outed as Green Arrow. In addition to his old enemies seeking revenge against him now that they know who he is and continued feud with Diaz, Oliver deals with a mysterious archer who has usurped the Green Arrow name and has skills and tactics eerily match his own.