"Innocence R" mostly preserves the story of "Innocence", while adding two further characters: a spearwoman named QQ Selezneva, and a spellcaster named Kongwai Tao. These two belong to different worlds, and enter the world of "Innocence" through the so-called "Triverse Gate". Kongwai came to "save" two souls (Chitose and the antagonist Hasta Ekstermi, a reincarnation of the demonic spear Gaebolg), while QQ is an archeologist who comes to investigate the world of "Innocence". Each enters and leaves the world while leaving the main events mostly unaltered. While they appear to be on friendly terms, a second playthrough reveals that they are bitter enemies who have been playing a "friendship game" while in the world of "Innocence". As they return to their world, they part ways, with QQ swearing to kill Kongwai the next time they meet.Planning and early development of "Innocence" began between March and April 2006, with full development beginning in late 2006 to early 2007. Total development time came to roughly a year and a half. It was being developed at the same time as "Tales of the Tempest", another "Tales" title for the DS, as the next main entry in the "Tales" series, as opposed to "Tempest" which would become a spin-off title. While "Tempest" was conceived as a "compact" version of a "Tales" title, "Innocence" was designed to include all the elements expected from a mainline console title, meaning it was created with very different development goals. Rather than by established "Tales" developer Namco Tales Studio, "Innocence" was developed by Alfa System, a Japanese studio that had previously worked on the first two "Tales of the World" spin-off titles. They were chosen to work on the game because of their previous successful efforts with these spin-offs. It was the company's first title for the DS. While developing the title, the team drew on previous difficulties suffered while developing "Tempest" to promote a smoother development and better final product. The team tweaked the battle system used for the title so that it felt fresh to series veterans while still retaining its identity. One of these aspects was the new character growth system, which relied on customization more than gaining levels in a linear fashion through experience; the theme behind the creation of this system was "a more profound battle with wider frontage". The team incorporated an updated version of the free-running ability from "Tales of the Abyss" so players could have maximum freedom in battle.