He received his Grammy Award for "The Book of Mormon" in collaboration with fellow EGOT winner Scott Rudin (among others), making them the first pair of Grand Slam winners to have been co-winners of the same award. Lopez is also the first person to have won the Oscar last, which he won with his wife Kristen Anderson-Lopez. He is also the first winner to also win the so-called "Double EGOT", winning each EGOT award twice.John Legend (born 1978), a musician and producer, received his fourth distinct award in 2018. Between 2006 and 2018, Legend received a total of 13 awards. Legend has won the most Grammy awards, 10, of any EGOT recipient, and is the second recipient, after Marvin Hamlisch, who is primarily a musician. In addition to being the first black man to achieve EGOT status, Legend is the first person to receive the four awards in four consecutive years, and has the shortest time to complete any run of EGOT wins (3 years, 7 months). Legend, Andrew Lloyd Webber, and Tim Rice all simultaneously became EGOT recipients on September 9, 2018, when they were collectively awarded the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Special (Live) for "Jesus Christ Superstar Live in Concert".Andrew Lloyd Webber (born 1948), a musical theatre composer, songwriter and producer, received his fourth distinct award in 2018. Between 1980 and 2018, Lloyd Webber received a total of 13 awards.Tim Rice (born 1944), a lyricist and producer, received his fourth distinct award in 2018. Between 1980 and 2018, Rice received a total of 12 awards, and shares some of his awards with his regular collaborator Andrew Lloyd Webber.The following artists have also received all of the four major awards. However, in each case, one of these awards has been received only in an honorary or other non-competitive category. (Streisand has not received a competitive Tony, Minnelli has not received a competitive Grammy, Menken has not received a competitive Emmy and Belafonte and Jones have not received a competitive Oscar.)