Mehmet Varol was born in Ankara, Turkey, on June 6, 1986. He is a Turkish molecular biologist. He received his bachelor degree in 2010 from Department of Biology in Anadolu University, Turkey. He also received a second bachelor degree from Department of Business Administration in Anadolu University, Turkey. Between 2008-2009, he joined Socrates/Erasmus Exchange Program to go to Facoltá di Sc. MM.FF.NN. in Universitá Degli Studi Di Palermo, Italy, and he participated in Professor Maurizio Bruno's group to study about natural product isolation from plant materials. After graduating from Anadolu University, his career was continued by completing his master of science thesis entitled “Investigation of protective effect of lichen acids against ultraviolet rays”. He holds a PhD degree from Anadolu University, Turkey by the thesis entitled “Investigation of the angiogenesis-targeted treatment potentials of the small molecule structured natural compounds by epigenetic approach and molecular mechanisms on tumor development and invasion”. On the other hand, he studies to attain a second PhD from Department of Polymer Science and Technology, Faculty of Science, Eskisehir Osmangazi University, Turkey. His research interests include but not limited to controlled drug delivery systems, drug design and discovery, natural drug sources, photodynamic therapy and "in vitro" photo-biological experiments, conductive polymers and medical applications, reactive oxygen species and related cellular mechanisms. His current projects have been focused on metallophtalocyanines-mediated photodynamic therapy and related intracellular mechanisms of their action on adenocarcinoma and keratinocyte cell lines to detect their possible utilization on cancer and hypertrophic scarring diseases, and natural compounds to discover and develop their potentials as anti-angiogenic, anti-cancer, anti-oxidative drug ingredients. He currently works at the Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics, Faculty of Science, Mugla Sitki Kocman University, Turkey. He also contributes some academic journals as an editorial board member such as Biomedical Research, Journal of Applied Pharmacy etc.