Survivor Africa: Panama was the first pan-regional season of the television show "Survivor" to air in central or southern Africa and it included contestants from the countries of Botswana, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Namibia, Nigeria, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. The show was broadcast on the channel M-net from September 3, 2006, to November 19, 2006, during which time twelve episodes aired. The contestants for this season were initially split into two tribes, the Embera tribe, named after Panama's semi-nomadic and heavily body-painted tribe, whose buffs were blue, and the Kuna tribe, named after a traditionally matriarchal and politically organised people of Panama, whose buffs were red. During the pre-merge portion of the program the Embera tribe dominated as they won the majority of both the reward and immunity challenges while Kuna saw their numbers dwindle from six to three. When the tribes merged into the Nagual tribe their buff colors may have changed to yellow, but their original tribal alliances remained and the former members of Embera quickly voted out Yagazie "Yaga" Chuwumerje and Nana Sarpong, leaving Metasebia "Meti" Yilma as the only former Kuna member left in the game. Following the elimination of Nana, Tsholofelo "Tebby" Gasenelwe approached Meti and Olanike "Nike" Gbolahan about forming an all-girl alliance. Once formed, the girl alliance, along with Jeremiah Zulu, voted out both Leonard Mapuranga and the leader of the former Embera alliance, Derrick Assetto. When it came time for the final four, the contestants competed in two challenges in order to determine the final two. The first of these challenges was the "plank" challenge. As Meti was the first person to fall off the plank, she was eliminated from the game. As Tebby was the last person to fall off the plank, she automatically advanced to the final two. The other two contestants competed in a second challenge which Jeremiah won and advanced to the final two while Nike was eliminated. Ultimately, it was Gasenelwe from Botswana who won this season over Jeremiah Zulu with a jury vote of 6–0.