Carole is a bright African American girl with a natural riding ability. She became devastated when her mother died of cancer, and when Cobalt died, she almost gave up riding. But her father, U.S. Marine Colonel Mitch Hanson, reminded Carole that her mother would have wanted her to follow her passion. With money left by her mother, she bought a buckskin gelding, Starlight. Carole knows her future lies with horses, but there are many paths to follow and she does not know which road to take. Her grades are high enough for her to become a veterinarian but she would also love to breed and train Thoroughbreds. She would not mind being a professional steeplechase jockey, or maybe traveling the world teaching dressage clinics. Whatever career she chooses, her most immediate goal is to be the very best rider she can be. Carole has little time for boys; therefore, she has never understood why anyone would prefer the company of a boy to that of a horse. This is when the pressures of family, friends, school and competition cannot touch her. Anyone who catches a glimpse of horse and rider moving as one along the lush creek cannot help but be in awe. Like the other Saddle Club girls, Carole is becoming a young woman. In "Moving On, Part 1", Carole's dad got re-deployed and she almost left Pine Hollow, The Saddle Club, and Starlight behind forever when it was decided that she'd live with her Aunt Penny. Thanks to Mrs. Reg, however, Carole becomes the first live in boarder at Pine Hollow Stables as of "Moving On, Part 2" which allowed her to stay at Pine Hollow, continue to be in The Saddle Club, and keep Starlight. Carole has never forgiven Veronica for killing Cobalt. In "Itchy", Carole thought that she was allergic to horses, but after a visit to the doctor it was revealed that she is allergic to camels as the saddle blanket that her father sent her is made out of camel hair. When Carole suggests naming Samson after "Samson and Delilah", it was a hinted indication that Carole is a Christian. Whenever Carole's sad, to cheer herself up she'll ride Starlight or play her guitar. Carole is focused, determined, stubborn, and passionate just like her mother was. In the books, Carole and Lisa go to Willow Creek Junior High School together and Carole and Stevie are the same age. in the "Pine Hollow" series Carole goes to Willow Creek High School with Lisa. Carole's favorite color is Purple.