Bakhmull is an Aboriginal Afghan Hound belonging to an ancient group of oriental sighthounds. The Afghan Royal Family were the only humans who possessed this breed. The bakhmull tazi (tazi means " fast running sighthound" ) is a long haired variety of sighthounds in Afghanistan. There are two more: Luchak tazi short haired like sloughi and Khalagh tazi with moderate long hair on ears, shoulders, elbows and thighs.Bakhmull tazi has developed in the mountain areas of Mid and Central Asia - ancient Punjab, Paunchala, "Five river land". This dog breed roots back presumably in the ancient Indian Harappa( Mohenjo Daro) civilization 2300 - 1700 B.C. If translated from Pashto (Afghan) the word "bakhmull" means "velvet" due to its incredible silky velvet, long, ivory color hair of the coat, rather abundant and long on the whole body, because it is a mountain oriental sighthound, except the "saddle", front parts of four legs and the muzzle. Its color is always fawn, ivory or white with a darker "saddle", thus it produces an impression of a fawn (yellowish) dog which coat color is protective khaki that matches sandstone and limestone of the Hindu Kush mountain landscape and deserts. Following colors are not permissible: red, red with white spots, black and black with white spots. Bakhmulls hunt the wild ram, ibex (wild mountain goat), hare, fox, wolf, jackal, wild big cats, in old times leopard, but never birds. They are also good guards; they guard homes and flocks of sheep. They hunt solo, in couples and rarely in packs. Since the 1980s the centre of Bakhmull breeding is in Russia, "The Blue Dale el Bark Bakhmull" Moscow, where they are spread all over the former Soviet Republics and various regions. The foundation stock was brought to Russia in the 70s by military men from Afghanistan. Breed Standard for tazi BAKHMULL (aboriginal Afghan Hound) was adopted in Moscow, Russia (since Russia has become the 2nd motherland of bakhmulls) first in 1985 and later after detailed elaboration in 1997 (RFOS-RKF).