Midtown Walmart is a controversial proposal by Walmart to build a 203000 sqft supercenter location on a 4.6 acre site in the planned sub-district of Midtown in the city of Miami, Florida, USA. The initial proposal did not meet local regulations and was rejected in February 2013, but was redesigned by Gensler and approved by the city commission in August 2013. It has faced public and political opposition from area residents, business owners, and community activists even as it has been adapted to meet strict zoning regulations that resulted in the design differing greatly from the typical layout, such as utilizing second story roof parking versus a surface lot and street liner retail instead of a blank wall perimeter. The original 2012 plan included 10500 sqft of retail and about 550 parking spaces on two levels above the 184000 sqft store. This more urban footprint is similar to what Walmart did to build a location in Santurce, (downtown) San Juan, Puerto Rico, known as "Plaza 18", as well as Washington, D.C. where the city's first Walmart is a true mixed-use development, with third party retail as well as 300 apartments above the store. Purchased in January 2014 for US$8.2 million, the currently vacant site sits at the southern tip of Midtown between North Miami Avenue and Midtown Boulevard from Northeast 29th and 31st Streets, between the burgeoning neighborhoods of Wynwood and Edgewater. It would be the first traditional Walmart location within the actual City of Miami limits, although there are several locations just outside city limits in Doral, Hialeah, Gladeview, North Miami Beach, and Westchester, as well as a "Neighborhood Market" in the western fringes of the city. In January 2016, Fort Lauderdale opened its first Walmart. After more than a year of litigation, Walmart won a court battle in August 2015. Specifically the litigation targeted the proposed zoning variance for two extra loading berths and traffic congestion caused by the development. Ridership at the Northside Metrorail station increased significantly after the adjacent Gladeview location opened. Other criticism is due to the fabric of the neighborhood amid an urban revival that included small, locally owned businesses and warehouse renovation versus new construction. However, the Midtown development already contains a Target and a Ross.