Abhi (Abir Chatterjee) is a typical meek & docile Bengali familyman and doesn't know how to protest. He lives in Kolkata with his wife Apu (Priyanka Sarkar) and his son. He has a tenant who doesn't pay his monthly rents past six months and everytime he is refused whenever he asks for the payment of dues.He simply walks away doing nothing, In his office Abhi is a hardworker but his own colleague Deepankar (Shantilal Mukherjee) is jealous of him and plans his downfall in every other way more when Abhi gets recommended for promotion,but his other colleague Nandini (Shraddha Das) is a very good friend and sympathiser of Abhi. Things goes past good one day during Abhi's birthday morning when he asks his tenant Mr. Pakrashi (Kharaj Mukherjee) to pay his dues, he gets slapped in the middle of the road by him. Shattered Abhi goes to his office only to learn that all his files have been messed up by someone and one important file of payment is missing.He sits whole night and works on them only to be tampered by Deepankar again. That night when Abhi was returning with Nandini she gets molested by some goons in metro station, she cries to Abhi for help but Abhi cannot protest.Nandini boards the metro crying leaving Abhi at the metro station. Depressed and dejected Abhi meets his friend Anjan (Jeet)) at metro entrance and narrates whole story and about his helplessness of not protesting to any one. Anjan assures him takes him to a coffee house and encourage him motivationally causing him to shrug his fear. They both raid his office for the missing file and when nothing is found they rampage the office and run away. While returning home he find out that his tenant Mr. Pakrashi is boozing with other friends, angrily he enters the house and beats Pakrashi to blue and black and forces him to pay all the dues. Parkrashi is stunned to see the change of character in Abhi. Next day when Nandini rejects Abhi's proposal for boarding a metro and taunts him, Abhi tells Anjan and they both run towards the metro station and Abhi start beating the molestors badly.Abhi drops his office bag accidentally in the road.Next day he meets Anjan once again and Anjan gives him his contact number.Once in office Abhi is shocked when he learns that Deepankar/Dipu has been promoted, unable to bear that Abhi suspect that he has been tricked and hunts him down that night and beats him so Dipu confesses it was he who stole the payment file and hid it in his home Anjan asks Abhi that since Dipu has disappeared his file he should in turn make Dipu disappear from this world. Abhi ties Dipu and throws him in main highway only to be get crushed under heavy vehicle. Meanwhile Priyanka and her dad,a prominent psychologist, reaches police station where they recover the bag and tells them he is still missing, here Priyanka's father discloses that Abhi is a psychiatric patient suffering from a depression disease called Schizophrenia or split personality disorder. As the discussion was going on Police officer receives the news of Abhi sitting with the dead corpse of Dipu. The police brings him down where it is revealed that actually Anjan is an alter ego of Abhi only as a result of the mental disease whom he fictionalized as a human being and shrugged all his fears.