Patrick Henry High School is a high school in Ashland, Virginia in Hanover County. Patrick Henry is one of four high schools in Hanover County, and the only High school in the western half of the county. In 1959, after years of deliberation, Patrick Henry High School began with the consolidation of Beaverdam, Henry Clay, Montpelier, and Rockville high schools. The western Hanover County high school enrolled students in grades eight through twelve. The name of the school, as well as the name of its literary publications, The Voice, The Spark, and The Orator, reference the history of Patrick Henry, Hanover County's most illustrious citizen. Even the school colors of red, white, and blue are a patriotic symbol of history. In 1969, Patrick Henry High and John M. Gandy High School merged to form one Integrated student body. Also in 1969, a new junior high school was built, and Patrick Henry opened that school year as a senior high school serving students in grades ten through twelve. When the junior high school was changed to a middle school in 1988, Patrick Henry became a high school enrolling students in grades nine through twelve. The school campus of West Patrick Henry Road, which consists of a complex of buildings, began as a campus style school. Additions of an auditorium, classrooms, cafeteria, new gymnasium, and renovations to the media center and administrative offices resulted in an all-enclosed facility in 1992. As the population and the needs of the school have changed, so have the dimensions of the school. A new addition/renovation was added to the facility in the fall of 2001 providing state-of-the-art career and technical education opportunities. This addition consisted of a broadcasting studio, a bio-technology lab, a communication technology center, a computer-assisted drafting lab, and three classrooms. Patrick Henry celebrated its 50th anniversary in September 2009. Patrick Henry High has an International Baccalaureate program, as well as a NJROTC program. Patrick Henry High is especially known for its NJROTC program that is consistently ranked among the top in the state of Virginia. During the 2010-2011 school year, a program called Rachel's Challenge was introduced. Patrick Henry High is also noted for its theatre program, being the best in the county, and taken most seriously.