Electronic Throttle Control (ETC) Warning Light This warning light will illuminate to indicate a problem with the ETC system.  If a problem is detected while the vehicle is running, the light will either stay on or flash depending on the nature of the problem.  Cycle the ignition when the vehicle is safely and completely stopped and the transmission is placed in the PARK position.  The light should turn off.  If the light remains on with the vehicle running, your vehicle will usually be drivable; however, see an authorized dealer for service as soon as possible.  If the light continues to flash when the vehicle is running, immediate service is required and you may experience reduced performance, an elevated/rough idle, or engine stall and your vehicle may require towing.  The light will come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position and remain on briefly as a bulb check.  If the light does not come on during starting, have the system checked by an authorized dealer.  Note: This light may turn on if the accelerator and brake pedals are pressed at the same time.  Vehicle Security Warning Light — If Equipped This light will flash at a fast rate for approximately 15 seconds when the vehicle security system is arming, and then will flash slowly until the vehicle is disarmed.  HAZARD WARNING FLASHERS The Hazard Warning Flashers button is located on the instrument panel below the climate controls.  Push the button to turn on the Hazard Warning Flashers.  When the button is activated, all directional turn signals will flash on and off to warn oncoming traffic of an emergency.  Push the button a second time to turn off the Hazard Warning Flashers.  This is an emergency warning system and it should not be used when the vehicle is in motion.  Use only when your vehicle is disabled or creating a safety hazard warning for other motorists.  When you must leave the vehicle to seek assistance, the Hazard Warning Flashers will continue to operate even though the ignition is placed in the OFF position.  Note: With extended use the Hazard Warning Flashers may wear down your battery.