Start using Uconnect Voice Recognition with these helpful quick tips.  It provides the key Voice Commands and tips you need to know to control your vehicle’s Voice Recognition (VR) system.  When the Voice button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to the vehicle’s Voice Recognition feature.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  Notice the visual cues that inform you of your Voice Recognition system’s status.  Push and hold the VR button on the steering wheel to activate a Siri voice recognition session.  Apple CarPlay® allows you to use Siri to send or reply to text messages.  Siri can also read incoming text messages, but drivers will not be able to read messages, as everything is done via voice.  Reduce background noise.  Wind noise and passenger conversations are examples of noise that may impact recognition.  Speak clearly at a normal pace and volume while facing straight ahead.  Each time you give a Voice Command, first push the VR button, wait until after the beep, then say your Voice Command.  You can interrupt the help message or system prompts by pushing the VR button and saying a Voice Command from the current category.  Android Auto™ allows you to use your voice to interact with its best-in-class speech technology through your vehicle’s voice recognition system, and use your smartphone’s data plan to project your Android™-powered smartphone and a number of its apps onto your Uconnect touchscreen.  Connect your Android™ 6.0 or higher to one of the media USB ports, using the factory-provided USB cable, and press the new Android Auto™ icon that replaces your Phone icon on the main menu bar to begin Android Auto™.  Push and hold the VR button on the steering wheel, or press and hold the Microphone icon within Android Auto™, to activate its VR, which recognizes natural voice commands, to use a list of your smartphone’s features: Push and hold the Voice Recognition (VR) button on the steering wheel until the beep or tap the Microphone icon to ask Google to take you to a desired destination by voice.  You can also touch the Navigation icon in Android Auto™ to access other navigation apps.