Extreme care should be taken crossing any type of water.  Water crossings should be avoided, if possible, and only be attempted when necessary in a safe, responsible manner.  You should only drive through areas which are designated and approved.  You should tread lightly and avoid damage to the environment.  You should know your vehicle's abilities and be able to recover it if something goes wrong.  You should never stop or shut a vehicle off when crossing deep water unless you ingested water into the engine air intake.  If the engine stalls, do not attempt to restart it.  Determine if it has ingested water first.  The key to any crossing is low and slow.  Shift into FIRST gear (manual transmission), or DRIVE (automatic transmission), with the transfer case in the 4L position and proceed very slowly with a constant slow speed (3 to 5 mph {5 to 8 km/h} maximum) and light throttle.  Keep the vehicle moving; do not try to accelerate through the crossing.  After crossing any water higher than the bottom of the axle differentials, you should inspect all of the vehicle fluids for signs of water ingestion.  Water ingestion into the axles, transmission, transfer case, engine or vehicle interior can occur if you drive too fast or through too deep of water.  Water can cause permanent damage to engine, driveline or other vehicle components, and your brakes will be less effective once wet and/or muddy.  When driving through water, do not exceed 5 mph (8 km/h).  Always check water depth before entering as a precaution, and check all fluids afterward.  Driving through water may cause damage that may not be covered by the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  As you approach any type of water, you need to determine if you can cross it safely and responsibly.  If necessary, get out and walk through the water or probe it with a stick.  You need to be sure of its depth, approach angle, current and bottom condition.  Be careful of murky or muddy waters; check for hidden obstacles.  Make sure you will not be intruding on any wildlife, and you can recover the vehicle if necessary.  The key to a safe crossing is the water depth, current and bottom conditions.  On soft bottoms, the vehicle will sink in, effectively increasing the water level on the vehicle.  Be sure to consider this when determining the depth and the ability to safely cross.  Puddles, pools, flooded or other standing water areas normally contain murky or muddy waters.  These water types normally contain hidden obstacles and make it difficult to determine an accurate water depth, approach angle, and bottom condition.  Murky or muddy water holes are where you want to hook up tow straps prior to entering.  This makes for a faster, cleaner and easier vehicle recovery.  If you are able to determine you can safely cross, than proceed using the low and slow method.