The Locking Storage Bin can be removed by unfastening the four bolts that attach the bin to the vehicle floor using the provided #40 Torx head driver and ratchet.  The bottom of the storage bin has rubber mats that need to be removed to access the four bolts.  These bolts can then be stored in the fastener bin below the rear seat.  To remove the Fastener Bin: Remove the lid and foam inserts from the Fastener Bin.  Remove the three nuts from the bottom of the Fastener Bin.  Your vehicle is equipped with a Fastener Bin used to store the fasteners for the doors, windshield, and hard top (if equipped) while not in use.  The Fastener Bin is located behind the rear seat storage bin.  The Fastener Bin contains foam inserts for each of the fasteners; they are removable.  Remove the grommets under the front seat (one left and one right).  Carpet Split Then pull the carpet out, to the rear and open the carpet split around the front seat brackets.  Remove the rear Under Seat storage bin (if equipped), by removing the four bolts that hold it to the floor.  Remove the fastener bin from the rear floor, it is held in by clips.  Remove the jack and tools by turning the wing bolt counterclockwise, remove the wing bolt and then lift the assembly out from under the seat.  Lift carpet off of the rear retainers (one left and one right).  Rear Retainers Remove carpet from the vehicle.  When reinstalling the carpet, perform these steps in reverse order making sure that the carpet is tucked under the scuffs, B-pillar, console, and then refasten the grommets.  Inside the bin are three removable dividers to set up storage that works best for you.  Your Locking Storage Bin also has a front handle that makes it easier to carry and pull out from the floor of the vehicle when the four bolts that attach the bin to the floor are removed.  The rear wall netting can be accessed the same way as the rear wall storage bin.  If equipped, the Locking Storage Bin is located below the rear seats.  It can be accessed by folding the rear seat bottom upward into the Stadium Position.