CYBERSECURITY Depending on applicability, your vehicle may be able to send or receive information from a wired or wireless network.  This information allows systems and features in your vehicle to function properly.  Your vehicle may be equipped with certain security features to reduce the risk of unauthorized and unlawful access to vehicle systems and wireless communications.  Vehicle software technology continues to evolve over time and FCA US LLC, working with its suppliers, evaluates and takes appropriate steps as needed.  As always, if you experience unusual behavior, contact an authorized dealer immediately, "⇨if you need assistance" , or refer to your uconnect radio instruction manual for additional contact information.  The risk of unauthorized and unlawful access to your vehicle systems may still exist, even if the most recent version of vehicle software (such as Uconnect software) is installed.  WARNING: ONLY insert trusted media devices/components into your vehicle.  Media of unknown origin could possibly contain malicious software, and if installed in your vehicle, it may increase the possibility for vehicle systems to be breached.  As always, if you experience unusual vehicle behavior, contact an authorized dealer immediately.  Note: to help further improve user experience, features, stability, etc., and minimize the potential risk of a security breach, vehicle owners should routinely check www.driveuconnect.com (us residents) or www.driveuconnect.ca (canadian residents) to learn about available uconnect software updates.  SENTRY KEY The Sentry Key Immobilizer system prevents unauthorized vehicle operation by disabling the engine.  The system does not need to be armed or activated.  Operation is automatic, regardless of whether the vehicle is locked or unlocked.  The system uses a key fob, keyless push button ignition and a Radio Frequency (RF) receiver to prevent unauthorized vehicle operation.  Therefore, only key fobs that are programmed to the vehicle can be used to start and operate the vehicle.  The system cannot reprogram a key fob obtained from another vehicle.  After placing the ignition switch in the ON/RUN position, the Vehicle Security Light will turn on for three seconds for a bulb check.  If the light remains on after the bulb check, it indicates that there is a problem with the electronics.  In addition, if the light begins to flash after the bulb check, it indicates that someone attempted to start the engine with an invalid key fob.  In the event that a valid key fob is used to start the engine but there is an issue with the vehicle electronics, the engine will start and shut off after two seconds.  If the Vehicle Security Light turns on during normal vehicle operation (vehicle running for longer than ten seconds), it indicates that there is a fault in the electronics.  Should this occur, have the vehicle serviced as soon as possible by an authorized dealer.  All of the key fobs provided with your new vehicle have been programmed to the vehicle electronics CAUTION: The Sentry Key Immobilizer system is not compatible with some aftermarket remote starting systems.  Use of these systems may result in vehicle starting problems and loss of security protection.  Note: A key fob that has not been programmed is also considered an invalid key.  VEHICLE SECURITY SYSTEM — IF EQUIPPED The Vehicle Security system monitors the vehicle doors for unauthorized entry and the ignition switch for unauthorized operation.  When the system is activated, the interior switches for door locks are disabled.  The Vehicle Security system provides both audible and visible signals.  If something triggers the alarm, the Vehicle Security system will provide the following audible and visible signals: the horn will pulse, the parking lights and/or turn signals will flash, and the Vehicle Security Light in the instrument cluster will flash.