The voltmeter may show a gauge fluctuation at various engine temperatures.  This is caused by the glow plug heating system.  The number of cycles and the length of the cycling operation is controlled by the engine control module.  Glow plug heater operation can run for several minutes.  Once the heater operation is complete the voltmeter needle will stabilize.  Tachometer Indicates the engine speed in revolutions per minute (RPM x 1000).  Do not operate the engine with the tachometer pointer in the red area.  Engine damage will occur.  Temperature Gauge The temperature gauge shows engine coolant temperature.  Any reading within the normal range indicates that the engine cooling system is operating satisfactorily.  The gauge pointer will likely indicate a higher temperature when driving in hot weather, up mountain grades, or when towing a trailer.  It should not be allowed to exceed the upper limits of the normal operating range.  A hot engine cooling system is dangerous.  You or others could be badly burned by steam or boiling coolant.  It is recommended that you call an authorized dealer for service if your vehicle overheats.  Driving with a hot engine cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H”, turn the engine off immediately and call an authorized dealer for service.  Instrument Cluster Display The instrument cluster display features a driver interactive display Fuel Gauge The pointer shows the level of fuel in the fuel tank when the ignition switch is in the ON/RUN position.  The fuel pump symbol points to the side of the vehicle where the fuel filler door is located Speedometer Indicates vehicle speed.  The temperature gauge shows engine coolant temperature.  Any reading within the normal range indicates that the engine cooling system is operating satisfactorily.  The gauge pointer will likely indicate a higher temperature when driving in hot weather, up mountain grades, or when towing a trailer.  It should not be allowed to exceed the upper limits of the normal operating range.  A hot engine cooling system is dangerous.  You or others could be badly burned by steam or boiling coolant.  It is recommended that you call an authorized dealer for service if your vehicle overheats.  Driving with a hot engine cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H”, turn the engine off immediately and call an authorized dealer for service.  All message center lights are off.  Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) is off.  Engine Oil Pressure telltale is not illuminated.  Voltmeter operation.  Push the red button on the faceplate or touchscreen or press and slide the temperature bar towards the red arrow button on the touchscreen for warmer temperature settings.