Press the available number button on the touchscreen to begin selecting a desired station.  Once a number has been entered, any numbers that are no longer possible (stations that cannot be reached) will become deactivated/grayed out.  When vehicle speed becomes too high to display the pitch and roll, “- -” will display in place of the numbers, and the graphic will be grayed out.  A message indicating the necessary speed for the feature to become available will also display.  The “BRAKE!” screen in the instrument cluster display is a warning for the driver to take action and does not necessarily mean that the Forward Collision Warning system is applying the brakes autonomously.  When the Display button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system will display the options related to the theme (if equipped), brightness, and color of the touchscreen.  The available settings are: Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  Touchscreen The Automatic Dimming feature can be turned on or off through the Uconnect Controls button on the touchscreen.  Push the blue button on the faceplate or touchscreen or press and slide the temperature bar towards the blue arrow button on the touchscreen for cooler temperature settings.  Do not press the touchscreen with any hard or sharp objects (pen, USB stick, jewelry, etc.  ), which could scratch the surface.  Do not spray any liquid or chemicals directly on the screen!  Use a clean and dry microfiber lens cleaning cloth in order to clean the touchscreen.  If necessary, use a lint-free cloth dampened with a cleaning solution, such as isopropyl alcohol or an isopropyl alcohol and water solution ratio of 50:50.  Be sure to follow the solvent manufacturer's precautions and directions When the Off Road+ button is pushed in the switch bank, the Instrument Cluster Display will begin to show messages related to the feature.  Depending on the Four-Wheel Drive mode in use, the messages will differ, and after five seconds, all messages will clear from the display.  The messages are as follows: Become familiar with the Uconnect features and applications in this vehicle before you drive on the roadway so using Uconnect will be more intuitive and will not require prolonged viewing of the screen while you are driving.  When driving, looking at the touchscreen should only be done by a glance when safe to do so.  If prolonged viewing of the screen is required, choose a safe and secure location where you can pull over and park safely to do so.  Stop use immediately if a problem occurs.  Failure to do so may cause injury or damage to the product.  See an authorized dealer for repair.  Ensure the volume level of the system is set to a level that still allows you to hear outside traffic and emergency vehicles.