JUMP STARTING If your vehicle has a discharged battery, it can be jump started using a set of jumper cables and a battery in another vehicle, or by using a portable battery booster pack.  Jump starting can be dangerous if done improperly, so please follow the procedures in this section carefully.  WARNING: Do not attempt jump starting if the battery is frozen.  It could rupture or explode and cause personal injury.  CAUTION: Do not use a portable battery booster pack or any other booster source with a system voltage greater than 12 Volts or damage to the battery, starter motor, alternator or electrical system may occur.  Note: When using a portable battery booster pack, follow the manufacturer's operating instructions and precautions.  Maintenance-Free Battery Your vehicle is equipped with a maintenance-free battery.  You will never have to add water, and periodic maintenance is not required.  WARNING: Battery fluid is a corrosive acid solution and can burn or even blind you.  Do not allow battery fluid to contact your eyes, skin, or clothing.  Do not lean over a battery when attaching clamps.  If acid splashes in eyes or on skin, flush the area immediately with large amounts of water Battery gas is flammable and explosive.  Keep flame or sparks away from the battery.  Do not use a booster battery or any other booster source with an output greater than 12 Volts.  Do not allow cable clamps to touch each other.  Battery posts, terminals, and related accessories contain lead and lead compounds.  Wash hands after handling.  Vehicles with the Stop/Start system will be equipped with two batteries.  Both the main and the supplemental batteries must be disconnected to completely de-energize the 12 Volt electrical system.  Serious injury or death could result if you do not disconnect both batteries.  To learn how to properly disconnect, see an authorized dealer.  CAUTION: It is essential when replacing the cables on the battery that the positive cable is attached to the positive post and the negative cable is attached to the negative post.  Battery posts are marked positive (+) and negative (-) and are identified on the battery case.  Cable clamps should be tight on the terminal posts and free of corrosion.  If a “fast charger” is used while the battery is in the vehicle, disconnect both vehicle battery cables before connecting the charger to the battery.  Do not use a “fast charger” to provide starting voltage.  Vehicles with the Stop/Start system will be equipped with two batteries.  Both the main and the supplemental batteries must be disconnected to completely de-energize the 12 Volt electrical system.  If the negative battery cables are not isolated properly it can cause a potential power spike or surge in the system, resulting in damage to essential electrical components.  Disconnecting the jumper cables disconnect the negative (-) end of the jumper cable from the engine ground of the vehicle with the discharged battery.  Disconnect the opposite end of the negative (-) jumper cable from the negative (-) post of the booster battery.  Disconnect the positive (+) end of the jumper cable from the positive (+) post of the booster battery.  Disconnect the opposite end of the positive (+) jumper cable from the positive (+) post of the discharged vehicle.  Reinstall the protective cover over the positive (+) post of the discharged vehicle.  If frequent jump starting is required to start your vehicle you should have the battery and charging system tested at an authorized dealer.  CAUTION: Accessories plugged into the vehicle power outlets draw power from the vehicle’s battery, even when not in use (i.e., cellular devices, etc.).  Eventually, if plugged in long enough without engine operation, the vehicle’s battery will discharge sufficiently to degrade battery life and/or prevent the engine from starting.