Lowering the soft top lowering the soft top ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  If the temperature is below 72°F (24°C) and/or the top has been folded down for a period of time, the top will appear to have shrunk when you raise it, making it difficult to put up.  This is caused by a natural contraction of the vinyl or acrylic materials of the fabric top.  Place the vehicle in a warm area.  Pull steadily on the top fabric.  The vinyl will stretch back to its original size and the top can then be installed.  If the temperature is 41°F (5°C) or below, do not attempt to put the top down or roll the rear or side curtains.  WARNING: Do not drive the vehicle with the rear window up/removed unless the quarter windows are also removed.  Dangerous exhaust gases could enter the vehicle causing harm to the driver and passengers.  The fabric quarter windows and fabric top are designed only for protection against the elements.  Do not rely on them to contain occupants within the vehicle or to protect against injury during an accident.  Remember, always wear seat belts.  Make sure hands and fingers are clear of all pinch points when installing and removing the soft top.  The lift assist mechanism and side bows may cause serious injury if fingers or hands get caught in between.  CAUTION: The soft top is not designed to carry any additional loads such as roof racks, spare tires, building, hunting or camping supplies, and/or luggage, etc.  Also, it was not designed as a structural member of the vehicle and, thus, cannot properly carry any additional loads other than environmental (rain, snow, etc.).  CAUTION: Do not run a fabric top through an automatic car wash.  Window scratches and wax buildup may result.  Do not lower the top when the temperature is below 41°F (5°C).  Damage to the top may result.  Do not move your vehicle until the top has been either fully attached to the windshield frame, or fully lowered.  Follow the proper steps for cleaning and caring for your vehicle’s fabric top Do not use any tools (screwdrivers, etc.)  to pry or force any of the clamps, clips, or retainers securing the soft top.  Do not force or pry the soft top framework when opening or closing.  Damage to the top may result.  Failure to follow these cautions may cause interior water damage, stains, or mildew on the top material: It is recommended that the top be free of water prior to opening it.  Operating the top, opening a door or lowering a window while the top is wet may allow water to drip into the vehicle's interior.  Careless handling and storage of the soft top may damage the seals, causing water to leak into the vehicle's interior.  The soft top must be positioned properly to ensure sealing.  Improper installation can cause water to leak into the vehicle's interior.