Disposal Of Used Coolant Used ethylene glycol-based coolant (antifreeze) OAT or HOAT, is a regulated substance requiring proper disposal.  Check with your local authorities to determine the disposal rules for your community.  To prevent ingestion by animals or children, do not store ethylene glycol-based coolant in open containers or allow it to remain in puddles on the ground, clean up any ground spills immediately.  If ingested, seek emergency assistance immediately.  Selection Of Coolant For further information Note: Mixing of engine coolant (antifreeze), other than specified Organic Additive Technology (OAT) engine coolant, may result in engine damage and may decrease corrosion protection.  OAT engine coolant is different and should not be mixed with Hybrid Organic Additive Technology (HOAT) engine coolant or any “globally compatible” coolant.  If a non-OAT engine coolant is introduced into the cooling system in an emergency, the cooling system will need to be drained, flushed, and refilled with fresh OAT coolant (conforming to MS.90032), by an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not use water alone or alcohol-based engine coolant products.  Do not use additional rust inhibitors or anti-rust products, as they may not be compatible with the radiator engine coolant and may clog the radiator.  This vehicle has not been designed for use with propylene glycol-based engine coolant.  Use of propylene glycol-based engine coolant is not recommended.  Some vehicles require special tools to add coolant properly.  Failure to fill these systems properly could lead to severe internal engine damage.  If any coolant is needed to be added to the system please contact an authorized dealer.  ENGINE FLUIDS AND LUBRICANTS CAUTION: Mixing of engine coolant (antifreeze) other than specified Organic Additive Technology (OAT) engine coolant (antifreeze), may result in engine damage and may decrease corrosion protection.  Organic Additive Technology (OAT) engine coolant is different and should not be mixed with Hybrid Organic Additive Technology (HOAT) engine coolant (antifreeze) or any “globally compatible” coolant (antifreeze).  If a non-OAT engine coolant (antifreeze) is introduced into the cooling system in an emergency, the cooling system will need to be drained, flushed, and refilled with fresh OAT coolant (conforming to MS.90032), by an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not use water alone or alcohol-based engine coolant (antifreeze) products.  Do not use additional rust inhibitors or antirust products, as they may not be compatible with the radiator engine coolant and may clog the radiator.  This vehicle has not been designed for use with propylene glycol-based engine coolant (antifreeze).  Use of propylene glycol-based engine coolant (antifreeze) is not recommended.  Note: If the vehicle is exposed to extreme cold (below 20°F or -7°C), or is required to operate at colder-than-normal conditions for prolonged periods, use climatized Number 2 diesel fuel or dilute the Number 2 diesel fuel with 50% Number 1 diesel fuel.  This will provide better protection from fuel gelling or wax-plugging of the fuel filters.