If you get hung up or high-centered on an object, get out of the vehicle and try to determine what the vehicle is hung up on, where it is contacting the underbody and what is the best direction to recover the vehicle.  Depending on what you are in contact with, jack the vehicle up and place a few rocks under the tires so the weight is off of the high point when you let the vehicle down.  You can also try rocking the vehicle or winching the vehicle off the object.  You will encounter many types of terrain driving off-road.  You should be familiar with the terrain and area before proceeding.  There are many types of surface conditions: hard-packed dirt, gravel, rocks, grass, sand, mud, snow and ice.  Every surface has a different effect on your vehicle's steering, handling and traction.  Controlling your vehicle is one of the keys to successful off-road driving, so always keep a firm grip on the steering wheel and maintain a good driving posture.  Avoid sudden accelerations, turns or braking.  In most cases, there are no road signs, posted speed limits or signal lights.  Therefore, you will need to use your own good judgment on what is safe and what is not.  When on a trail, you should always be looking ahead for surface obstacles and changes in terrain.  The key is to plan your future driving route while remembering what you are currently driving over.  As you approach a hill, consider its grade or steepness.  Determine if it is too steep.  Look to see what the traction is on the hill side trail.  Is the trail straight up and down?  What is on top and the other side?  Are there ruts, rocks, branches or other obstacles on the path?  Can you safely recover the vehicle if something goes wrong?  If everything looks good and you feel confident, shift the transmission into a lower gear with 4L engaged, and proceed with caution, maintaining your momentum as you climb the hill.  When approaching large rocks, choose a path which ensures you drive over the largest of them with your tires.  This will lift your undercarriage over the obstacle.  The tread of the tire is tougher and thicker than the side wall and is designed to take the abuse.  Always look ahead and make every effort to cross the large rocks with your tires.