Instrument cluster descriptions tachometer indicates the engine speed in revolutions per minute (rpm x 1000).  Caution: do not operate the engine with the tachometer pointer in the red area.  Engine damage will occur.  Temperature gauge the temperature gauge shows engine coolant temperature.  Any reading within the normal range indicates that the engine cooling system is operating satisfactorily.  The gauge pointer will likely indicate a higher temperature when driving in hot weather, up mountain grades, or when towing a trailer.  It should not be allowed to exceed the upper limits of the normal operating range.  Warning: a hot engine cooling system is dangerous.  You or others could be badly burned by steam or boiling coolant.  It is recommended that you call an authorized dealer for service if your vehicle overheats.  Caution: driving with a hot engine cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H”, turn the engine off immediately and call an authorized dealer for service.  Instrument cluster display the instrument cluster display features a driver interactive display.  Fuel gauge the pointer shows the level of fuel in the fuel tank when the ignition switch is in the on/run position.  The fuel pump symbol points to the side of the vehicle where the fuel filler door is located Speedometer indicates vehicle speed.  IF YOUR ENGINE OVERHEATS If the vehicle is overheating, it will need to be serviced by an authorized dealer.  Potential signs of vehicle overheating: temperature gauge is at hot (h) strong smell of coolant white smoke coming from engine or exhaust coolant bottle coolant has bubbles present in the event it is observed that the temperature gauge is moving towards or close to the hot (h) position, you can reduce the potential for overheating by taking the appropriate action.  On the highways — slow down.  In city traffic — while stopped, place the transmission in NEUTRAL (N), but do not increase the engine idle speed while preventing vehicle motion with the brakes.  If your Air Conditioner (A/C) is on, turn it off.  The A/C system adds heat to the engine cooling system and turning the A/C off can help remove this heat.  You can also turn the temperature control to maximum heat, the mode control to floor and the blower control to high.  This allows the heater core to act as a supplement to the radiator and aids in removing heat from the engine cooling system.  WARNING: You or others can be badly burned by hot engine coolant (antifreeze) or steam from your radiator.  If you see or hear steam coming from under the hood, do not open the hood until the radiator has had time to cool.  Never try to open a cooling system pressure cap when the radiator or coolant bottle is hot.  CAUTION: Driving with a hot cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H,” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H” and you hear continuous chimes, turn the engine off immediately and call for service.  Accessory Gauge The Accessory Gauge page displays the current status of the vehicle’s Coolant Temperature, Oil Temperature, Oil Pressure, Transmission Temperature, and Battery Voltage.