The ignition switch must be in the ACC or ON/RUN position to adjust the power mirrors.  The front power outlet is located in the center of the instrument panel below the climate controls, and is powered from the ignition switch.  Power is available when the ignition switch is in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  Starting with the ignition in the OFF position.  Push the ENGINE START/STOP button once to place the ignition to the ACC position (instrument cluster will display “ACC”).  Push the ENGINE START/STOP button a second time to place the ignition to the RUN position (instrument cluster will display “ON/RUN”).  Push the ENGINE START/STOP button a third time to return the ignition to the OFF position (instrument cluster will display “OFF”).  For Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ equipped vehicles, the engine will turn off and the ignition will change to ACC position.  After 30 minutes the ignition switches to OFF automatically, unless the driver turns the ignition OFF.  The transmission is NOT locked in PARK when the ignition is in the ACC position (even though the engine will be off).  Ensure that the transmission is in park, and the ignition is off (not in acc position) before exiting the vehicle.  After switching the ignition key from OFF to either the ON/RUN or ACC position, or after a language change, you must wait at least 15 seconds prior to using the system Place the gear selector in PARK, then push and release the ENGINE START/STOP button.  The ignition will return to the OFF position.  If the gear selector is not in PARK (with vehicle stopped) and the ENGINE START/STOP button is pushed once, the transmission will automatically select PARK and the engine will turn off, however the ignition will remain in the ACC position (NOT the OFF position).  Never leave a vehicle out of the PARK position, or it could roll.  If the gear selector is in NEUTRAL, and the vehicle speed is below 5 mph (8 km/h), pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once will turn the engine off.  the ignition will remain in the ACC position If the vehicle speed is above 5 mph (8 km/h), the ENGINE START/STOP button must be held for two seconds (or three short pushes in a row) to turn the engine off.  The ignition will remain in the ACC position (NOT the OFF position) if the engine is turned off when the transmission is not in PARK.