Download the Android Auto™ app from the Google Play store on your Android™-powered smartphone.  Connect your Android™-powered smartphone to one of the media USB ports in your vehicle.  If the Android Auto™ app was not downloaded, the first time you plug your device in the app begins to download.  Your vehicle should be in PARK the first time you use the app.  Be sure to use the factory-provided USB cable that came with your phone, as aftermarket cables may not work.  Android Auto™ And LTE Data Coverage To use Android Auto™, make sure you are in an area with cellular coverage.  Android Auto™ may use cellular data and your cellular coverage is shown in the upper right corner of the radio screen.  Data plan rates apply.  Once the device is connected and recognized, the Phone icon on the drag & drop menu bar changes to the Android Auto™ icon.  The Android Auto™ App displays all the compatible apps that are available to use with Android Auto™, every time it is launched.  You must have the compatible app downloaded, and you must be signed in to the app through your mobile device for it to work with Android Auto™.  Android Auto™ is a feature of your Uconnect system, and your Android™ 6.0 or higher powered smartphone with a data plan, that allows you to project your smartphone and a number of its apps onto the touchscreen radio display.  Android Auto™ brings you useful information, and organizes it into simple cards that appear just when they are needed.  Android Auto™ can be used with speech technology, the steering wheel controls, the knobs and buttons on your radio faceplate, and the radio display’s touchscreen to control many of your apps.  To use Android Auto™, perform the following procedure: To use Android Auto™ on your car display, you’ll need an Android™ phone running Android™ 6.0 or higher, an active data plan, and the Android Auto™ app.  To wirelessly use Android Auto™ on your car display, you need a compatible Android™ smartphone with an active data plan.  You can check which smartphones are compatible at g.co/androidauto/requirements.