BRAKE SYSTEM Your vehicle is equipped with dual hydraulic brake systems.  If either of the two hydraulic systems lose normal capability, the remaining system will still function.  However, there will be some loss of overall braking effectiveness.  You may notice increased pedal travel during application, greater pedal force required to slow or stop, and potential activation of the Brake Warning Light.  In the event power assist is lost for any reason (i.e., repeated brake applications with the engine off) the brakes will still function.  However, the effort required to brake the vehicle will be much greater than that required with the power system operating.  Brake System In order to ensure brake system performance, all brake system components should be inspected periodically.  For the proper maintenance intervals WARNING: Riding the brakes can lead to brake failure and possibly a collision.  Driving with your foot resting or riding on the brake pedal can result in abnormally high brake temperatures, excessive lining wear, and possible brake damage.  You would not have your full braking capacity in an emergency.  Brake Assist System (BAS) The BAS is designed to optimize the vehicle’s braking capability during emergency braking maneuvers.  The system detects an emergency braking situation by sensing the rate and amount of brake application, and then applies optimum pressure to the brakes.  This can help reduce braking distances.  The BAS complements the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) by applying the brakes very quickly, creating the most efficient braking assistance possible.  To receive the benefit of the system, you must apply continuous braking pressure during the stopping sequence (do not “pump” the brakes).  Do not reduce brake pedal pressure unless braking is no longer desired.  Once the brake pedal is released, the BAS is deactivated.  WARNING: The Brake Assist System (BAS) cannot prevent the natural laws of physics from acting on the vehicle, nor can it increase the traction afforded by prevailing road conditions.  BAS cannot prevent collisions, including those resulting from excessive speed in turns, driving on very slippery surfaces, or hydroplaning.  The capabilities of a BAS-equipped vehicle must never be exploited in a reckless or dangerous manner, which could jeopardize the user's safety or the safety of others.