Bumper end caps are removable on steel bumpers only.  The end caps on your vehicle’s front bumper can be removed by the following steps: Loosen the two bolts that retain the GAWR bracket (Bolts #1 and #2) to the end cap using a T45 Torx bit screwdriver.  Do not remove the bolts.  Bolt #1 Bolt #2 Remove the remaining eight bolts.  Gently remove the end cap from the vehicle and store it where it will not get damaged.  Repeat this procedure on the other side.  Before completing the following steps: if your vehicle is equipped with a soft top, the top must be lowered "⇨lowering the soft top" , and the door frames must be removed "⇨door frame — if equipped with a soft top" prior to lowering the windshield.  If your vehicle is equipped with a hard top, the freedom panels must be removed prior to lowering the windshield.  Failure to follow this step will cause damage to the vehicle’s header seal.  Manually remove the protective caps over the windshield wiper hex bolts.  Step Two 1 — Hex Bolt Cover Installed 2 — Hex Bolt Cover Removed Using the provided 15 mm socket, remove the two hex bolts and remove the wiper arms.  Move to the inside of the vehicle and lower both sun visors.  Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver, remove the four Torx head fasteners located along the interior of the windshield (two on each side of the header trim).  Step Five 1 — Outer Torx Fasteners 2 — Center Torx Fasteners Store all of the mounting bolts in their original threaded holes and tighten for safekeeping, or in the fastener bin located below the rear seat.  Lower the windshield gently until it contacts the tie-down bumpers (if equipped).  Step Six Secure the windshield by passing a cinch strap through the tie-down bumper on either side of the hood and on the windshield frame.  Tighten the strap to secure the windshield in place.  Do Not Overtighten!  Damage to the windshield could result.  Open the fuel filler door.  Fuel Filler Door Remove the fuel cap by rotating it counterclockwise.  Fuel Filler Cap Fully insert the gasoline nozzle into the filler pipe.  Fill the vehicle with fuel.  When the fuel nozzle “clicks” or shuts off, the fuel tank is full.  Wait five seconds before removing the fuel nozzle to allow excess fuel to drain from nozzle.  Remove gasoline nozzle, reinstall fuel cap and close the fuel filler door.