Gasoline/Oxygenate Blends Some fuel suppliers blend unleaded gasoline with oxygenates such as ethanol.  Problems that result from using gasoline containing more than 15% ethanol (E-15) or gasoline containing methanol are not the responsibility of the manufacturer and may void the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  CAUTION: DO NOT use E-85, gasoline containing methanol, or gasoline containing more than 15% ethanol (E-15).  Use of these blends may result in starting and drivability problems, damage critical fuel system components, cause emissions to exceed the applicable standard, and/or cause the Malfunction Indicator Light to illuminate.  Please observe pump labels as they should clearly communicate if a fuel contains greater than 15% ethanol (E-15).  Fuel System Cautions CAUTION: Follow these guidelines to maintain your vehicle’s performance: The use of leaded gasoline is prohibited by Federal law.  Using leaded gasoline can impair engine performance and damage the emissions control system.  An out-of-tune engine, certain fuel or ignition malfunctions can cause the catalytic converter to overheat.  If you notice a pungent burning odor or some light smoke, your engine may be out-of-tune or malfunctioning and may require immediate service.  Contact an authorized dealer for service assistance.  The use of fuel additives, which are now being sold as octane enhancers, is not recommended.  Most of these products contain high concentrations of methanol.  Fuel system damage or vehicle performance problems resulting from the use of such fuels or additives is not the responsibility of The manufacturer and may void or not be covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  Note: Intentional tampering with the emissions control system can result in civil penalties being assessed against you.  Methylcyclopentadienyl Manganese Tricarbonyl (MMT) In Gasoline MMT is a manganese-containing metallic additive that is blended into some gasolines to increase octane.  Gasoline blended with MMT provides no performance advantage beyond gasoline of the same octane number without MMT.  Gasoline blended with MMT reduces spark plug life and reduces emissions system performance in some vehicles.  The manufacturer recommends that gasoline without MMT be used in your vehicle.  The MMT content of gasoline may not be indicated on the gasoline pump; therefore, you should ask your gasoline retailer whether the gasoline contains MMT.  MMT is prohibited in Federal law and California reformulated gasoline.