Helpful hints for using Voice Recognition: Voice commands can be used to operate the Uconnect Phone and to navigate its menu structure.  Voice commands are required after most Uconnect Phone prompts.  There are two general methods for how Voice Command works: Prior to giving a voice command, one must wait for the beep, which follows the “Listen” prompt or another prompt.  For certain operations, compound commands can be used.  For example, instead of saying “Call” and then “John Smith” and then “mobile”, the following compound command can be said: “Call John Smith mobile.” For each feature explanation in this section, only the compound command form of the voice command is given.  You can also break the commands into parts and say each part of the command when you are asked for it.  For example, you can use the compound command form voice command “Search for John Smith,” or you can break the compound command form into two voice commands: “Search Contacts” and when asked, “John Smith.” Please remember, the Uconnect Phone works best when you talk in a normal conversational tone, as if speaking to someone sitting a few feet/meters away from you.  The following basic Voice Commands can be given at any point while using your Uconnect system.  The button on your steering wheel is also used to access the Voice Commands for the Uconnect Voice Command features if your vehicle is equipped.  Did you know: at any time, if you are not sure of what to say or want to learn a voice command, push the vr button and say “ help ”.  The system provides you with a list of commands.  Did you know: voice command for climate may only be used to adjust the interior temperature of your vehicle.  Voice Command will not work to adjust the heated seats or steering wheel if equipped.  The Voice Command button on your steering wheel is only used for “barge in” and when you are already in a call or want to make another call.  Reduce background noise.  Wind noise and passenger conversations are examples of noise that may impact recognition.  Speak clearly at a normal pace and volume while facing straight ahead.  Each time you give a Voice Command, first push the VR button, wait until after the beep, then say your Voice Command.  You can interrupt the help message or system prompts by pushing the VR button and saying a Voice Command from the current category.  “ cancel ” to stop a current voice session.  “ help ” to hear a list of suggested voice commands.  “ repeat ” to listen to the system prompts again.