Oil Pressure Warning Light This warning light will illuminate, and a chime will sound, to indicate low engine oil pressure.  If the light and chime turn on while driving, safely stop the vehicle and turn off the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the Oil Pressure Warning Light.  If the Oil Pressure Warning Light is still illuminated, turn the engine OFF and contact an authorized dealer for further assistance.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the light is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated but it is recommended to take the vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  This light does not indicate how much oil is in the engine.  The engine oil level must be checked under the hood.  Do Not Operate The Engine With Low Oil Pressure If the Low Oil Pressure Warning Light turns on while driving, stop the vehicle and shut down the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the lamp.  If the lamp is still illuminated, shut the engine off, contact an authorized dealer, and do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the lamp is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated, but should be taken to an authorized dealer as soon as possible for further inspection.  Note: Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  This light does not show how much oil is in the engine.  The engine oil level must be checked under the hood.  CAUTION: If oil pressure falls to less than normal readings, shut the engine off immediately.  Failure to do so could result in immediate and severe engine damage.  Checking Oil Level To ensure proper engine lubrication, the engine oil must be maintained at the correct level.  Check the oil level at regular intervals, such as every fuel stop.  The best time to check the engine oil level is about five minutes after a fully warmed up engine is shut off.  Checking the oil while the vehicle is on level ground will improve the accuracy of the oil level readings.  There are four possible dipstick types: Crosshatched zone.  Crosshatched zone marked SAFE.  Crosshatched zone marked with MIN at the low end of the range and MAX at the high end of the range.  Crosshatched zone marked with dimples at the MIN and the MAX ends of the range.  Adding 1 qt (1 L) of oil when the reading is at the low end of the dipstick range will raise the oil level to the high end of the range marking.  Note: Always maintain the oil level within the crosshatch markings on the dipstick.  CAUTION: Overfilling or underfilling the crankcase will cause aeration or loss of oil pressure.  This could damage your engine.