Used ethylene glycol-based coolant (antifreeze) OAT or HOAT, is a regulated substance requiring proper disposal.  Check with your local authorities to determine the disposal rules for your community.  To prevent ingestion by animals or children, do not store ethylene glycol-based coolant in open containers or allow it to remain in puddles on the ground, clean up any ground spills immediately.  If ingested, seek emergency assistance immediately.  It is the owner's responsibility to maintain the proper level of protection against freezing according to the temperatures occurring in the area where the vehicle is operated.  Some vehicles require special tools to add coolant properly.  Failure to fill these systems properly could lead to severe internal engine damage.  If any coolant is needed to be added to the system, please contact an authorized dealer.  Mixing engine coolant types is not recommended and can result in cooling system damage.  If HOAT and OAT coolant are mixed in an emergency, have an authorized dealer drain, flush, and refill with OAT coolant (conforming to MS.90032) as soon as possible.  Mixing of engine coolant (antifreeze), other than specified Organic Additive Technology (OAT) engine coolant, may result in engine damage and may decrease corrosion protection.  OAT engine coolant is different and should not be mixed with Hybrid Organic Additive Technology (HOAT) engine coolant or any “globally compatible” coolant.  If a non-OAT engine coolant is introduced into the cooling system in an emergency, the cooling system will need to be drained, flushed, and refilled with fresh OAT coolant (conforming to MS.90032), by an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not use water alone or alcohol-based engine coolant products.  Do not use additional rust inhibitors or anti-rust products, as they may not be compatible with the radiator engine coolant and may clog the radiator.  This vehicle has not been designed for use with propylene glycol-based engine coolant.  Use of propylene glycol-based engine coolant is not recommended.  Some vehicles require special tools to add coolant properly.  Failure to fill these systems properly could lead to severe internal engine damage.  If any coolant is needed to be added to the system please contact an authorized dealer.  Mixing of engine coolant (antifreeze) other than specified Organic Additive Technology (OAT) engine coolant (antifreeze), may result in engine damage and may decrease corrosion protection.  Organic Additive Technology (OAT) engine coolant is different and should not be mixed with Hybrid Organic Additive Technology (HOAT) engine coolant (antifreeze) or any “globally compatible” coolant (antifreeze).  If a non-OAT engine coolant (antifreeze) is introduced into the cooling system in an emergency, the cooling system will need to be drained, flushed, and refilled with fresh OAT coolant (conforming to MS.90032), by an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not use water alone or alcohol-based engine coolant (antifreeze) products.  Do not use additional rust inhibitors or antirust products, as they may not be compatible with the radiator engine coolant and may clog the radiator.  This vehicle has not been designed for use with propylene glycol-based engine coolant (antifreeze).  Use of propylene glycol-based engine coolant (antifreeze) is not recommended.  Please review these recommendations for using Organic Additive Technology (OAT) engine coolant that meets the requirements of the manufacturer Material Standard MS.90032.  When adding engine coolant (antifreeze): The API Donut trademark certifies 0W-40 and 5W-40 engine oil.  The tongue weight of the trailer The weight of any other type of cargo or equipment put in or on your vehicle The weight of the driver and all passengers For further information on GAWRs, vehicle loading, and trailer towing, see If the engine coolant (antifreeze) is dirty or contains visible sediment, have an authorized dealer clean and flush with OAT coolant (conforming to MS.90032).  It is not recommended driving a vehicle loaded at full capacity or to tow a trailer while a tire is in the Run Flat mode.