Hinge pins can break if overtightened during door reinstall (Max Torque: 5.88 ft·lb / 8 N·m).  For information on off-road driving tips, see Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  Damage to the vehicle’s parts will occur.  Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver and ratchet, loosen the Torx head fasteners located on the underside of each door hinge (two per door), and remove the fasteners by pulling downward.  Step One The fasteners will not fall out once completely loose, as they are held in place by design.  Step One Lift the frame upward, removing it from the vehicle.  Step Two Store the fasteners in a secure location.  Repeat the procedure on the front door frame.  1 — Outer Torx Fasteners 2 — Center Torx Fasteners Install the belt rail on the rear of the vehicle.  Secure the belt rail using the six fasteners with the provided #T50 Torx head driver and ratchet.  Refer to the following table for recommended torque specifications.  Torque Specification For Torx Fastener Maximum Minimum 119.5 in-lb (13.5 N·m) 150.5 in-lb (17.0 N·m) 106.2 in-lb (12.0 N·m) Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  Damage to the retainers will occur.  Step One Install the door frames.  Start with both front doors, followed by both rear doors.  Apply the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame Torx head fasteners Failure to follow the next steps could result in damage to the soft top or vehicle.  Unsnap and remove the storage bag.  This bag should be discarded.  It was intended as a protective cover for shipping only.  Ensure the top is secured with the provided hook-and-loop fasteners, then lift the soft top onto the rear of the cab.  Line up the locater pins (one on each side of the soft top) with the rear door frames.  Step Four Using the provided #T50 Torx head driver and ratchet, install and tighten the Torx fasteners by turning them clockwise.  Secure them until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the following table for recommended torque specifications.  Repeat on the opposite side.  Step Five Torque Specification For Torx Fasteners Maximum Minimum 119.5 in-lb (13.5 N·m) 150.5 in-lb (17.0 N·m) 106.2 in-lb (12.0 N·m) Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  You can strip the fasteners if they are overtightened.  Step Five Before driving the vehicle with the top in the Sunrider® position, ensure the top is secured with the provided hook-and-loop fasteners Step Six