If the Brake System Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the brake system is not functioning properly and that immediate service is required.  If the Brake System Warning Light does not come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, have the light repaired as soon as possible.  Operation of the Brake Warning Light can be checked by turning the ignition switch from the OFF position to the ON/RUN position.  The light should illuminate for approximately two seconds.  The light should then turn off unless the parking brake is applied or a brake fault is detected.  If the light does not illuminate, have the light inspected by an authorized dealer.  This warning light will illuminate to signal a fault with the 4WD system.  If the light stays on or comes on during driving, it means that the 4WD system is not functioning properly and that service is required.  It is recommend you drive to the nearest service center and have the vehicle serviced immediately.  This warning light monitors various brake functions, including brake fluid level and parking brake application.  If the brake light turns on it may indicate that the parking brake is applied, that the brake fluid level is low, or that there is a problem with the Anti-Lock Brake System reservoir.  If the ABS Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the anti-lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and that service is required.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally if the ABS Warning Light is on.  This light may turn on if the accelerator and brake pedals are pressed at the same time.  The red Brake System Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  If the light remains on when the parking brake has been disengaged, and the fluid level is at the full mark on the master cylinder reservoir, it indicates a possible brake hydraulic system malfunction or that a problem with the Brake Booster has been detected by the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) / Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system.  In this case, the light will remain on until the condition has been corrected.  If the problem is related to the brake booster, the ABS pump will run when applying the brake, and a brake pedal pulsation may be felt during each stop.  Driving a vehicle with the red brake light on is dangerous.  Part of the brake system may have failed.  It will take longer to stop the vehicle.  You could have a collision.  Have the vehicle checked immediately.  If the Brake Warning Light remains on with the parking brake released, a brake system malfunction is indicated.  Have the brake system serviced by an authorized dealer immediately.