Headlight Switch The headlight switch is located on the left side of the instrument panel.  This switch controls the operation of the headlights, parking lights, automatic headlights (if equipped), instrument panel lights, instrument panel light dimming, interior lights, and fog lights (if equipped).  Rotate the headlight switch clockwise to the first detent for parking lights and instrument panel light operation.  Rotate the headlight switch to the second detent for headlights, parking lights, and instrument panel light operation.  Note: Vehicles sold in Canada are equipped with a headlight switch with an AUTO and ON detent but without an OFF detent.  Headlights will be deactivated when the headlight switch is placed in the parking lights position.  However, the Daytime Running Lights (DRLs) will be activated along with the front and rear marker lights.  The DRLs may be deactivated when the parking brake is engaged.  Note: For vehicles sold in Canada, rotate the headlight switch clockwise from the parking lights and instrument panel light position to the first detent to turn on headlights, parking lights, and instrument panel light.  Rotate the headlight switch to the second detent for the AUTO position.  Interior Courtesy Lights The Interior Courtesy Lights will turn on when the front doors are opened, by rotating the instrument panel dimmer control (dial on the right) on the headlight switch fully upward while the doors are closed, or if equipped, when the unlock button is pushed on the key fob.  The Interior Courtesy Lights are located in the center of the vehicle’s sport bar, and consist of one large center light and four smaller reading lights.  Each reading light can be turned on by pushing the lens.  Pushing the lens a second time will turn the light off.  When a door is open and the interior lights are on, rotating the instrument panel dimmer control to the extreme bottom position will cause all the interior lights to turn off.  This allows the doors to stay open for extended periods of time without discharging the vehicle’s battery.  Dimmer Control The dimmer control is part of the headlight switch and is located on the left side of the instrument panel.  With the parking lights or headlights on, rotating the dimmer control upward will increase the brightness of the instrument panel lights.  Rotating the dimmer control will also adjust the interior and ambient light levels (e.g.  courtesy lights in the footwell, illuminated cupholders, and front door handles).