The risk of unauthorized and unlawful access to your vehicle systems may still exist, even if the most recent version of vehicle software (such as Uconnect software) is installed.  The Sentry Key Immobilizer system prevents unauthorized vehicle operation by disabling the engine.  The system does not need to be armed or activated.  Operation is automatic, regardless of whether the vehicle is locked or unlocked.  ONLY an authorized service technician should connect equipment to the OBD II connection port in order to read the VIN, diagnose, or service your vehicle.  If unauthorized equipment is connected to the OBD II connection port, such as a driver-behavior tracking device, it may: Be possible that vehicle systems, including safety related systems, could be impaired or a loss of vehicle control could occur that may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  Access, or allow others to access, information stored in your vehicle systems, including personal information.  The system uses a key fob, keyless push button ignition and a Radio Frequency (RF) receiver to prevent unauthorized vehicle operation.  Therefore, only key fobs that are programmed to the vehicle can be used to start and operate the vehicle.  The system cannot reprogram a key fob obtained from another vehicle.  The Vehicle Security system monitors the vehicle doors for unauthorized entry and the ignition switch for unauthorized operation.  When the system is activated, the interior switches for door locks are disabled.  The Vehicle Security system provides both audible and visible signals.  If something triggers the alarm, the Vehicle Security system will provide the following audible and visible signals: the horn will pulse, the parking lights and/or turn signals will flash, and the Vehicle Security Light in the instrument cluster will flash.  Be possible that vehicle systems, including safety related systems, could be impaired or a loss of vehicle control could occur that may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  Access, or allow others to access, information stored in your vehicle systems, including personal information.  ONLY insert trusted media devices/components into your vehicle.  Media of unknown origin could possibly contain malicious software, and if installed in your vehicle, it may increase the possibility for vehicle systems to be breached.  As always, if you experience unusual vehicle behavior, contact an authorized dealer immediately.