The risk of unauthorized and unlawful access to your vehicle systems may still exist, even if the most recent version of vehicle software (such as Uconnect software) is installed.  The Vehicle Security system monitors the vehicle doors for unauthorized entry and the ignition switch for unauthorized operation.  When the system is activated, the interior switches for door locks are disabled.  The Vehicle Security system provides both audible and visible signals.  If something triggers the alarm, the Vehicle Security system will provide the following audible and visible signals: the horn will pulse, the parking lights and/or turn signals will flash, and the Vehicle Security Light in the instrument cluster will flash.  The Sentry Key Immobilizer system prevents unauthorized vehicle operation by disabling the engine.  The system does not need to be armed or activated.  Operation is automatic, regardless of whether the vehicle is locked or unlocked.  The Vehicle Security system is designed to protect your vehicle.  However, you can create conditions where the system will give you a false alarm.  If one of the previously described arming sequences has occurred, the Vehicle Security system will arm regardless of whether you are in the vehicle or not.  If you remain in the vehicle and open a door, the alarm will sound.  If this occurs, disarm the Vehicle Security system.  ONLY insert trusted media devices/components into your vehicle.  Media of unknown origin could possibly contain malicious software, and if installed in your vehicle, it may increase the possibility for vehicle systems to be breached.  As always, if you experience unusual vehicle behavior, contact an authorized dealer immediately.  It is not possible to know or to predict all of the possible outcomes if your vehicle’s systems are breached.  It may be possible that vehicle systems, including safety related systems, could be impaired or a loss of vehicle control could occur that may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  be possible that vehicle systems, including safety related systems, could be impaired or a loss of vehicle control could occur that may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  Access, or allow others to access, information stored in your vehicle systems, including personal information.  Some of the most important safety features in your vehicle are the restraint systems: