Draining Fuel/Water Separator Filter — Diesel Engine The fuel/water separator housing is located inside the left frame rail in front of the fuel tank.  The best access to this water drain valve is from under the vehicle.  If necessary remove the fuel filter protective cover to access the water drain valve.  If water is detected in the water separator while the engine is running, or while the ignition switch is in the ON position, the Water In Fuel Indicator Light will illuminate and an audible chime will be heard.  At this point you should stop the engine and drain the water from the filter housing.  Within 10 minutes of vehicle shutdown, turn the filter drain valve (located on the bottom of the filter housing) counterclockwise to drain fuel/water; allow the accumulated water to drain.  Leave the drain valve open until all water and contaminants have been removed.  When clear fuel is visible, close the drain valve by turning it clockwise.  Upon proper draining of the water from fuel filter assembly, the Water In Fuel Indicator Light will remain illuminated for approximately 10 seconds.  If the water was drained while the engine was running, the Water In Fuel Indicator Light may remain on for approximately three minutes.  If more than two ounces or 60 ml of fuel have been drained, follow the directions for Priming If The Engine Has Run Out Of Fuel CAUTION: Do not drain the fuel/water separator filter when the engine is running.  Diesel fuel will damage blacktop paving surfaces.  Drain the filter into an appropriate container.  Note: Care should be taken in disposing of used fluids from your vehicle.  Used fluids, indiscriminately discarded, can present a problem to the environment.  Contact an authorized dealer, service station, or government agency for advice on recycling programs and for where used fluids and filters can be properly disposed of in your area.  Fuel Filter Replacement — Diesel Engine Ensure engine is turned off.  Remove the fuel filter protective cover to access the fuel filter assembly.  Fuel filter assembly 1 — retainers 2 — fuel filter protective cover place drain pan under the fuel filter assembly.  Open the water drain valve, and let any accumulated water and fuel drain.  Close the water drain valve.  Fuel filter assembly 1 — water drain valve wipe clean the underside of the filter housing to prevent contamination from entering fuel system during service.  Remove the fuel filter cap and filter from the housing using a socket.  Rotate counterclockwise for removal.  Fuel filter assembly 1 — fuel filter cap 2 — socket adapter remove the used fuel filter cartridge from the cap and dispose of according to your local regulations.  Wipe clean the sealing surfaces of the cap and housing.  Caution: take care when handling the new fuel filter to prevent contamination from entering the fuel system.  Lubricate o-ring on the cap with clean engine oil.  Install the new fuel filter cartridge onto the cap.  Insert the cap and filter into the housing with clockwise rotation, use a socket to tighten.  After engine start, verify the fuel filter cap does not leak.  Note: Using a fuel filter that does not meet FCA US LLC filtration and water separating requirements can severely impact fuel system life and reliability.  CAUTION: Diesel fuel will damage blacktop paving surfaces.  Drain the filter into an appropriate container.  Do not prefill the fuel filter when installing a new fuel filter.  There is a possibility debris could be introduced into the fuel filter during this action.  It is best to install the filter dry and allow the in-tank lift pump to prime the fuel system.