Persons who are unable to feel pain to the skin because of advanced age, chronic illness, diabetes, spinal cord injury, medication, alcohol use, exhaustion, or other physical conditions must exercise care when using the steering wheel heater.  It may cause burns even at low temperatures, especially if used for long periods.  Do not place anything on the steering wheel that insulates against heat, such as a blanket or steering wheel covers of any type and material.  This may cause the steering wheel heater to overheat.  The steering wheel contains a heating element that helps warm your hands in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel has only one temperature setting.  Once the heated steering wheel has been turned on, it will stay on until the operator turns it off.  The heated steering wheel may not turn on when it is already warm.  Persons who are unable to feel pain to the skin because of advanced age, chronic illness, diabetes, spinal cord injury, medication, alcohol use, exhaustion or other physical condition must exercise care when using the seat heater.  It may cause burns even at low temperatures, especially if used for long periods of time.  Do not place anything on the seat or seatback that insulates against heat, such as a blanket or cushion.  This may cause the seat heater to overheat.  Sitting in a seat that has been overheated could cause serious burns due to the increased surface temperature of the seat.  The heated steering wheel button is located on the center of the instrument panel below the radio screen, and within the Climate or Controls screen of the touchscreen.  Press the heated steering wheel button once to turn the heating element on.  Press the heated steering wheel button a second time to turn the heating element off.  The engine must be running for the heated steering wheel to operate.  Setting Name Description Auto-On Driver Heated/Ventilated Seat & Heated Steering Wheel With Vehicle Start This setting will activate the vehicle’s comfort system and heated seats or heated steering wheel when the vehicle is remote started or ignition is started.  The “Off” setting will not activate the comfort systems.  The “Remote Start” setting will only activate the comfort systems when using Remote Start.  The “All Start” setting will activate the comfort systems whenever the vehicle is started.  When Remote Start is activated, the front and rear defrost will automatically turn on in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel and driver heated seat feature will also turn on if programmed in the Comfort menu screen within Uconnect Settings The heated seat control buttons are located on the center instrument panel below the touchscreen and also in the Climate Control touchscreen menu.  If the “POWER STEERING HOT” message and an icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that extreme steering maneuvers may have occurred, which caused an over temperature condition in the power steering system.  You will lose power steering assistance momentarily until the over temperature condition no longer exists.  Once driving conditions are safe, pull over and let vehicle idle for a few moments until the light turns off