Power Outlets There is a 12 Volt (13 A) auxiliary power outlet that can provide power for accessories designed for use with the standard power outlet adapters.  The front power outlet is located in the center of the instrument panel below the climate controls, and is powered from the ignition switch.  Power is available when the ignition switch is in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  WARNING: To avoid serious injury or death: Do not insert any objects into the receptacles.  Do not touch with wet hands.  Close the lid when not in use.  If this outlet is mishandled, it may cause an electric shock and failure.  CAUTION: Do not exceed the maximum power of 160 W (13 A) at 12 Volts.  If the 160 W (13 A) power rating is exceeded, the fuse protecting the system will need to be replaced.  Power outlets are designed for accessory plugs only.  Do not insert any other object in the power outlets as this will damage the outlet and blow the fuse.  Improper use of the power outlet can cause damage not covered by your New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  Many accessories that can be plugged in draw power from the vehicle's battery, even when not in use (i.e., cellular phones, etc.).  Eventually, if plugged in long enough, the vehicle's battery will discharge sufficiently to degrade battery life and/or prevent the engine from starting.  Accessories that draw higher power (i.e., coolers, vacuum cleaners, lights, etc.  ), will degrade the battery even more quickly.  Only use these intermittently and with greater caution.  After the use of high power draw accessories, or long periods of the vehicle not being started (with accessories still plugged in), the vehicle must be driven a sufficient length of time to allow the alternator to recharge the vehicle's battery.  Power outlets are designed for accessory plugs only.  Do not hang any type of accessory or accessory bracket from the plug.  Improper use of the power outlet can cause damage Power Inverters — If Equipped There is a 115 V (400 W) maximum inverter outlet located on the back of the center console to convert Direct Current (DC) to Alternating Current (AC).  This outlet can power cellular phones, electronics and other low power devices requiring power up to 400 W. Certain video game consoles exceed this power limit, as will most power tools.  There may also be a second 115 V (400 W) maximum exterior power inverter located on the rear right side of the truck bed near the tailgate.  This inverter can be turned on by the Instrument Panel Power Inverter switch located to the left of the steering wheel.  This inverter can power cellular phones, electronics and other low power devices requiring power up to 400 W. Certain video game consoles exceed this limit, as will most power tools.  The indicator light on the power inverter switch will be illuminated when the inverter is turned on.  The power inverter is designed with built-in overload protection.  If the power rating of 400 W is exceeded, the power inverter automatically shuts down.  Once the electrical device has been removed from the outlet, the inverter should automatically reset.  Note: 400 W is the maximum for the inverter, not each outlet.  If two outlets are in use, 400 W is shared among the devices plugged in.  Note: The Power Inverter will only turn on if the ignition is in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  Due to built-in overload protection, the power inverter will turn off if the power rating is exceeded.  WARNING: To avoid serious injury or death: Do not insert any objects into the receptacles.  Do not touch with wet hands.  Close the lid when not in use.  If this outlet is mishandled, it may cause an electric shock and failure.