This warning light will illuminate to indicate a problem with the ETC system.  If a problem is detected while the vehicle is running, the light will either stay on or flash depending on the nature of the problem.  Cycle the ignition when the vehicle is safely and completely stopped and the transmission is placed in the PARK position.  The light should turn off.  If the light remains on with the vehicle running, your vehicle will usually be drivable; however, see an authorized dealer for service as soon as possible.  Push the button to turn on the Hazard Warning Flashers.  When the button is activated, all directional turn signals will flash on and off to warn oncoming traffic of an emergency.  Push the button a second time to turn off the Hazard Warning Flashers.  If you continue operating the vehicle when the Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated you could cause the fluid to boil over, come in contact with hot engine or exhaust components and cause a fire.  If you continue to operate the vehicle when the CLUTCH HOT message is displayed or Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated, you could cause the clutch to overheat and cause a fire.  Continuous driving with the Transmission Temperature Warning Light illuminated will eventually cause severe transmission damage or transmission failure.  If you continue to operate the vehicle when the CLUTCH HOT message is displayed or Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated, you could cause the clutch to overheat and cause severe clutch damage, transmission damage or failure.  This warning light will illuminate, and a chime will sound, to indicate low engine oil pressure.  If the light and chime turn on while driving, safely stop the vehicle and turn off the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the Oil Pressure Warning Light.  If the Oil Pressure Warning Light is still illuminated, turn the engine OFF and contact an authorized dealer for further assistance.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the light is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated but it is recommended to take the vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as possible.