REMOTE START — IF EQUIPPED (DIESEL) This system uses the key fob to start the engine conveniently from outside the vehicle while still maintaining security.  The system has a range of approximately 328 ft (100 m).  Remote Start is used to defrost windows in cold weather, and to reach a comfortable climate in all ambient conditions before the driver enters the vehicle.  Note: The vehicle must be equipped with an automatic transmission to be equipped with Remote Start.  Obstructions between the vehicle and the key fob may reduce this range.  The Remote Start system will wait for the Wait To Start yellow telltale to extinguish before cranking the engine This allows time for the engine preheat cycle to heat the cylinder air, and is normal in cold weather.  WARNING: Do not start or run an engine in a closed garage or confined area.  Exhaust gas contains carbon monoxide (CO) which is odorless and colorless.  Carbon monoxide is poisonous and can cause serious injury or death when inhaled.  Keep key fobs away from children.  Operation of the Remote Start system, windows, door locks or other controls could cause serious injury or death.  REMOTE START — IF EQUIPPED (GASOLINE) This system uses the key fob to start the engine conveniently from outside the vehicle while still maintaining security.  The system has a range of 328 ft (100 m).  Remote Start is used to defrost windows in cold weather, and to reach a comfortable climate in all ambient conditions before the driver enters the vehicle.  Note: The vehicle must be equipped with an automatic transmission to be equipped with Remote Start.  Obstructions between the vehicle and key fob may reduce this range WARNING: Do not start or run an engine in a closed garage or confined area.  Exhaust gas contains carbon monoxide (CO) which is odorless and colorless.  Carbon monoxide is poisonous and can cause serious injury or death when inhaled.  Keep key fobs away from children.  Operation of the Remote Start system, windows, door locks or other controls could cause serious injury or death.  To Exit Remote Start Mode To drive the vehicle after starting the Remote Start system, either push and release the unlock button on the key fob to unlock the doors, or unlock the vehicle using Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ — Passive Entry via the door handles, and disarm the Vehicle Security system (if equipped).  Then, prior to the end of the 15 minute cycle, push and release the START/STOP ignition button.  The Remote Start system will turn the engine off if the Remote Start button on the key fob is pushed again, or if the engine is allowed to run for the entire 15 minute cycle.  Once the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN position, the climate controls will resume previously set operations (temperature, blower control, etc.).  Note: To avoid unintentional shutdowns, the system will disable for two seconds after receiving a valid Remote Start request.  For vehicles equipped with the Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ — Passive Entry feature, the message “Remote Start Active — Push Start Button” will display in the instrument cluster display until you push the START/STOP ignition button.  WARNING: Do not start or run an engine in a closed garage or confined area.  Exhaust gas contains carbon monoxide (CO) which is odorless and colorless.  Carbon monoxide is poisonous and can cause serious injury or death when inhaled.  Keep key fobs away from children.  Operation of the Remote Start system, windows, door locks or other controls could cause serious injury or death.