ENGINE BREAK-IN RECOMMENDATIONS — DIESEL ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) The diesel engine does not require a break-in period due to its construction.  Normal operation is allowed, providing the following recommendations are followed: Warm up the engine before placing it under load.  Do not operate the engine at idle for prolonged periods.  Use the appropriate transmission gear to prevent engine lugging.  Observe vehicle oil pressure and temperature indicators.  Check the coolant and oil levels frequently.  Vary throttle position at highway speeds when carrying or towing significant weight.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant.  Oil changes should be consistent with anticipated climate conditions under which vehicle operations will occur.  For recommended viscosity and quality grades NON-DETERGENT OR STRAIGHT MINERAL OILS MUST NEVER BE USED.  Note: Light duty operation such as light trailer towing or no load operation will extend the time before the engine is at full efficiency.  Reduced fuel economy and power may be seen at this time.  Diesel Fuel Specifications This diesel engine has been developed to take advantage of the high energy content and generally lower cost Number 2 Ultra Low Sulfur diesel fuel or Number 2 Ultra Low Sulfur climatized diesel fuels.  Note: If you accidentally fill the fuel tank with gasoline or DEF on your diesel vehicle, do not start the engine.  Damage to the engine and fuel system could occur.  Please call an authorized dealer for service.  A maximum blend of 5% biodiesel meeting ASTM specification D-975 may be used with your diesel engine without any adjustments to regular service schedules.  Commercially available fuel additives are not necessary for the proper operation of your diesel engine.  Number 1 Ultra Low Sulfur diesel fuel should only be used where extended arctic conditions (-10°F or -23°C) exist.  FUEL REQUIREMENTS – DIESEL ENGINE Federal law requires that you must fuel this vehicle with Ultra Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (15 ppm Sulfur maximum) and prohibits the use of Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (500 ppm Sulfur maximum) to avoid damage to the emissions control system.  Use good quality diesel fuel from a reputable supplier in your vehicle.  For most year-round service, Number 2 diesel fuel meeting ASTM (formerly known as the American Society for Testing and Materials) specification D-975 Grade S15 will provide good performance.  If the vehicle is exposed to extreme cold (below 20°F or -7°C), or is required to operate at colder-than-normal conditions for prolonged periods, use climatized Number 2 diesel fuel or dilute the Number 2 diesel fuel with 50% Number 1 diesel fuel.  This will provide better protection from fuel gelling or wax-plugging of the fuel filters.  Diesel fuel is seldom completely free of water.  To prevent fuel system trouble, drain the accumulated water from the fuel/water separator using the fuel/water separator drain provided on the fuel filter housing.  If you buy good quality fuel and follow the listed cold weather recommendations, fuel conditioners should not be required in your vehicle.  If available in your area, a high cetane “premium” diesel fuel may offer improved cold-starting and warm-up performance.  WARNING: Do not use alcohol or gasoline as a fuel blending agent.  They can be unstable under certain conditions and hazardous or explosive when mixed with diesel fuel.  CAUTION: If the Water in Fuel Indicator Light remains on, DO NOT START engine before you drain the water from the fuel filter(s) to avoid engine damage