Press the settings button on the touchscreen.  Press the paired phones or audio sources button.  Press to select the particular phone or the particular audio device.  A pop-up menu will appear; press “Connect Phone”.  Press the X to exit out of the Settings screen.  When making a selection, only press one button at a time to enter the desired menu.  Once in the desired menu, press and release the preferred setting option until a check mark appears next to the setting, showing that setting has been selected.  Once the setting is complete, press the X button on the touchscreen to close out of the settings screen.  Pressing the Up or Down Arrow button on the right side of the screen will allow you to toggle up or down through the available settings.  The MAX A/C button is only available on the touchscreen.  Do not press the touchscreen with any hard or sharp objects (pen, USB stick, jewelry, etc.  ), which could scratch the surface.  Do not spray any liquid or chemicals directly on the screen!  Use a clean and dry microfiber lens cleaning cloth in order to clean the touchscreen.  If necessary, use a lint-free cloth dampened with a cleaning solution, such as isopropyl alcohol or an isopropyl alcohol and water solution ratio of 50:50.  Be sure to follow the solvent manufacturer's precautions and directionsThe SYNC button is only available on the touchscreen.  In Bluetooth® Mode, press and release the Seek Up button on the touchscreen for the next selection on the Bluetooth® device.  Press and release the Seek Down button on the touchscreen to return to the beginning of the current selection, or return to the beginning of the previous selection if the Bluetooth® device is within the first second of the current selection.  Press the Phone button.  Press the Dial/Keypad button on the touchscreen.  The Touch-Tone screen will be displayed.  Use the numbered buttons on the touchscreens to enter the number and press “Dial/Call”.  To access Bluetooth® Mode, press the Bluetooth® button on the left side of the touchscreen or under the Source Select/Select Source button (if equipped).  Simply push the ASSIST button in the vehicle and you will be presented with your ASSIST options on the touchscreen.  Make your selection by pressing the touchscreen.