Rearming Of The System If something triggers the alarm and no action is taken to disarm it, the Vehicle Security system will turn the horn off after a 29 second cycle (with five seconds between cycles and up to eight cycles if the trigger remains active) and then rearm itself.  To Disarm The System The Vehicle Security system can be disarmed using any of the following methods: Push the unlock button on the key fob.  Grab the Passive Entry door handle (if equipped) Cycle the vehicle ignition system out of the OFF position.  The Vehicle Security system is designed to protect your vehicle.  However, you can create conditions where the system will give you a false alarm.  If one of the previously described arming sequences has occurred, the Vehicle Security system will arm regardless of whether you are in the vehicle or not.  If you remain in the vehicle and open a door, the alarm will sound.  If this occurs, disarm the Vehicle Security system.  If the Vehicle Security system is armed and the battery becomes disconnected, the Vehicle Security system will remain armed when the battery is reconnected; the exterior lights will flash, and the horn will sound.  If this occurs, disarm the Vehicle Security system.  Note: The driver's door key cylinder cannot arm or disarm the Vehicle Security system.  When the Vehicle Security system is armed, the interior power door lock switches will not unlock the doors.  VEHICLE SECURITY SYSTEM — IF EQUIPPED The Vehicle Security system monitors the vehicle doors for unauthorized entry and the ignition switch for unauthorized operation.  When the system is activated, the interior switches for door locks are disabled.  The Vehicle Security system provides both audible and visible signals.  If something triggers the alarm, the Vehicle Security system will provide the following audible and visible signals: the horn will pulse, the parking lights and/or turn signals will flash, and the Vehicle Security Light in the instrument cluster will flash.