Your vehicle has a simple ignition actuated test, which you can use prior to going to the test station.  To check if your vehicle's OBD II system is ready, you must do the following: The message will stay active until the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN position.  Starting with the ignition in the OFF position.  Push the ENGINE START/STOP button once to place the ignition to the ACC position (instrument cluster will display “ACC”).  Push the ENGINE START/STOP button a second time to place the ignition to the RUN position (instrument cluster will display “ON/RUN”).  Push the ENGINE START/STOP button a third time to return the ignition to the OFF position (instrument cluster will display “OFF”).  The START/STOP ignition button has several operating modes that are labeled and will illuminate when in position.  These modes are OFF, ACC, RUN, and START.  Unless reset, this message will continue to display each time you place the ignition in the ON/RUN position.  To turn off the message temporarily, push and release the ok button.  To reset the oil change indicator system (after performing the scheduled maintenance), refer to the following procedure.  To insert an Auxiliary device, gently insert the Auxiliary device cable into the AUX port.  If you insert an Auxiliary device with the ignition and the radio on, the unit will switch to AUX Mode and begin to play.  The system will automatically time out and the ignition will cycle to the OFF position after 30 minutes of inactivity if the ignition is left in the ACC or RUN (engine not running) position and the transmission is in PARK.  For Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ equipped vehicles, the engine will turn off and the ignition will change to ACC position.  After 30 minutes the ignition switches to OFF automatically, unless the driver turns the ignition OFF.  If you must use the accessories (wipers, defrosters, etc.)  while being towed, the ignition must be in the ON/RUN position, not the ACC position.  The Power Inverter will only turn on if the ignition is in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  Due to built-in overload protection, the power inverter will turn off if the power rating is exceeded.