Lowering the windshield before completing the following steps: if your vehicle is equipped with a soft top, the top must be lowered "⇨lowering the soft top" , and the door frames must be removed "⇨door frame — if equipped with a soft top" prior to lowering the windshield.  If your vehicle is equipped with a hard top, the freedom panels must be removed prior to lowering the windshield.  Caution: failure to follow this step will cause damage to the vehicle’s header seal.  Manually remove the protective caps over the windshield wiper hex bolts.  Step two 1 — hex bolt cover installed 2 — hex bolt cover removed using the provided 15 mm socket, remove the two hex bolts and remove the wiper arms.  Move to the inside of the vehicle and lower both sun visors.  Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver, remove the four Torx head fasteners located along the interior of the windshield (two on each side of the header trim).  Step five 1 — outer torx fasteners 2 — center torx fasteners note: store all of the mounting bolts in their original threaded holes and tighten for safekeeping, or in the fastener bin located below the rear seat.  Lower the windshield gently until it contacts the tie-down bumpers (if equipped).  Step six 1 — washer nozzle 2 — bumper 3 — tie-down secure the windshield by passing a cinch strap through the tie-down bumper on either side of the hood and on the windshield frame.  Tighten the strap to secure the windshield in place.  Caution: do not overtighten.  Damage to the windshield could result.  Raising The Windshield Release the strap that secured the windshield in the lowered position.  Raise the windshield.  Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver, reinstall the four Torx head fasteners located along the interior of the windshield (two on each side of the header trim).  Secure them until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Step three 1 — outer torx fasteners 2 — center torx fasteners reinstall the windshield wiper arms using the provided 15 mm socket.  First, align the tips of the blade to the “T” mark in the glass.  Then, while holding the arm in that position, reinstall the hex nut and tighten until snug.  Be careful not to overtighten.  Repeat for the other arm.  Reinstall the protective caps over the wiper arm hex bolts and push gently until they snap into place.  Step five 1 — hex bolt cover installed 2 — hex bolt cover removed note: make sure the windshield is raised prior to installing the tops.  Bumper End Cap Removal — If Equipped The end caps on your vehicle’s front bumper can be removed by the following steps: Loosen the two bolts that retain the GAWR bracket (Bolts #1 and #2) to the end cap using a T45 Torx bit screwdriver.  Do not remove the bolts.  Bolt #1 bolt #2 remove the remaining eight bolts.  Gently remove the end cap from the vehicle and store it where it will not get damaged.  Repeat this procedure on the other side.  Note: Bumper end caps are removable on steel bumpers only.