Radio Voice Commands Use your voice to quickly get to the AM, FM, or SiriusXM® Satellite Radio stations you would like to hear.  (subscription or included siriusxm® satellite radio trial required.)  push the vr button on the steering wheel and wait for the beep to say a command.  See an example: “ tune to ninety-five-point-five fm” “ tune to satellite channel hits 1” did you know: at any time, if you are not sure of what to say or want to learn a voice command, push the vr button and say “ help ”.  The system provides you with a list of commands.  Media Voice Commands Uconnect offers connections via USB, Bluetooth®, and auxiliary (AUX) ports.  Voice operation is only available for connected USB and AUX devices.  Push the vr button located on the steering wheel.  After the beep, say one of the following commands and follow the prompts to switch your media source or choose an artist: “ change source to bluetooth®” “ change source to aux” “ change source to usb” “ play artist beethoven”; “ play album greatest hits”; “ play song moonlight sonata”; “ play genre classical” did you know: press the browse button on the touchscreen to see all of the music on your usb device.  Your Voice Command must match exactly how the artist, album, song, and genre information is displayed.  Operation Voice commands can be used to operate the Uconnect Phone and to navigate its menu structure.  Voice commands are required after most Uconnect Phone prompts.  There are two general methods for how Voice Command works: Say compound commands like “Call John Smith mobile”.  Say the individual commands and allow the system to guide you to complete the task.  You will be prompted for a specific command and then guided through the available options.  Prior to giving a voice command, one must wait for the beep, which follows the “Listen” prompt or another prompt.  For certain operations, compound commands can be used.  For example, instead of saying “call” and then “john smith” and then “mobile”, the following compound command can be said: “call john smith mobile.” for each feature explanation in this section, only the compound command form of the voice command is given.  You can also break the commands into parts and say each part of the command when you are asked for it.  For example, you can use the compound command form voice command “Search for John Smith,” or you can break the compound command form into two voice commands: “Search Contacts” and when asked, “John Smith.” Please remember, the Uconnect Phone works best when you talk in a normal conversational tone, as if speaking to someone sitting a few feet/meters away from you.