In some localities, it may be a legal requirement to pass an inspection of your vehicle's emissions control system.  Failure to pass could prevent vehicle registration.  Federal law requires that you must fuel this vehicle with Ultra Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (15 ppm Sulfur maximum) and prohibits the use of Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (500 ppm Sulfur maximum) to avoid damage to the emissions control system.  Your vehicle is required to have an OBD II and a connection port to allow access to information related to the performance of your emissions controls.  Authorized service technicians may need to access this information to assist with the diagnosis and service of your vehicle and emissions system Prolonged driving with the MIL on could cause further damage to the emission control system.  It could also affect fuel economy and driveability.  The vehicle must be serviced before any emissions tests can be performed.  If the MIL is flashing while the vehicle is running, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.  Your vehicle is equipped with a Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) system to meet the very stringent diesel emissions standards required by the Environmental Protection Agency.  This vehicle is equipped with a Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) injection system and a Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) catalyst to meet the emission requirements.  Never have any smoking materials lit in or near the vehicle when the fuel door is open or the tank is being filled.  Never add fuel when the engine is running.  This is in violation of most state and federal fire regulations and may cause the Malfunction Indicator Light to turn on.  A fire may result if fuel is pumped into a portable container that is inside of a vehicle.  You could be burned.  Always place fuel containers on the ground while filling.  For states and/or provinces that require an Inspection and Maintenance (I/M), this check verifies the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) is functioning and is not on when the engine is running, and that the OBD II system is ready for testing.  Never have any smoking materials lit in or near the vehicle when the fuel door is open or the tank is being filled.  Never add fuel when the engine is running.  This is in violation of most state and federal fire regulations and may cause the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) to turn on.  A fire may result if fuel is pumped into a portable container that is inside of a vehicle.  You could be burned.  Always place fuel containers on the ground while filling.  Your vehicle is equipped with a sophisticated Onboard Diagnostic system called OBD II.  This system monitors the performance of the emissions, engine, and transmission control systems.  When these systems are operating properly, your vehicle will provide excellent performance and fuel economy, as well as engine emissions well within current government regulations.