This warning light monitors the ABS.  The light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  The red Brake System Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  The yellow ABS Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  This warning light will indicate when the Electronic Stability Control system is Active.  The ESC Indicator Light in the instrument cluster will come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position, and when ESC is activated.  It should go out with the engine running.  If the ESC Indicator Light comes on continuously with the engine running, a malfunction has been detected in the ESC system.  If this warning light remains on after several ignition cycles, and the vehicle has been driven several miles (kilometers) at speeds greater than 30 mph (48 km/h), see an authorized dealer as soon as possible to have the problem diagnosed and corrected.  This warning light will illuminate to indicate a fault with the air bag, and will turn on for four to eight seconds as a bulb check when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position.  This light will illuminate with a single chime when a fault with the air bag has been detected, it will stay on until the fault is cleared.  If the light is not on during startup, stay on, or turns on while driving, have the system inspected at an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  This warning light will illuminate to indicate a problem with the ETC system.  If a problem is detected while the vehicle is running, the light will either stay on or flash depending on the nature of the problem.  Cycle the ignition when the vehicle is safely and completely stopped and the transmission is placed in the PARK position.  The light should turn off.  If the light remains on with the vehicle running, your vehicle will usually be drivable; however, see an authorized dealer for service as soon as possible.  Operation of the Brake Warning Light can be checked by turning the ignition switch from the OFF position to the ON/RUN position.  The light should illuminate for approximately two seconds.  The light should then turn off unless the parking brake is applied or a brake fault is detected.  If the light does not illuminate, have the light inspected by an authorized dealer.  This indicator light will illuminate for approximately two seconds when the ignition is turned to the ON/RUN position.  Its duration may be longer based on colder operating conditions.  Vehicle will not initiate start until telltale is no longer displayed.  The Air Bag Warning Light does not come on during the four to eight seconds when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  The Air Bag Warning Light remains on after the four to eight-second interval.  The Air Bag Warning Light comes on intermittently or remains on while driving.  The message will stay active until the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN position.