Oil life reset — if equipped oil life reset — if equipped ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  Your vehicle may be equipped with an engine oil change indicator system.  The “Oil Change Required” message will display in the instrument cluster display for five seconds after a single chime has sounded to indicate the next scheduled oil change interval.  The engine oil change indicator system is duty cycle based, which means the engine oil change interval may fluctuate, dependent upon your personal driving style.  Unless reset, this message will continue to display each time you place the ignition in the ON/RUN position.  To turn off the message temporarily, push and release the ok button.  To reset the oil change indicator system (after performing the scheduled maintenance), refer to the following procedure.  SCHEDULED SERVICING — GASOLINE ENGINE Your vehicle is equipped with an automatic oil change indicator system.  The oil change indicator system will remind you that it is time to take your vehicle in for scheduled maintenance.  Based on engine operation conditions, the oil change indicator message will illuminate.  This means that service is required for your vehicle.  Operating conditions such as frequent short-trips, trailer tow, or extremely hot or cold ambient temperatures will influence when the “Change Oil” or “Oil Change Required” message is displayed.  Have your vehicle serviced as soon as possible, within the next 500 miles (805 km).  On vehicles equipped with an instrument cluster display, “Oil Change Required” will be displayed and a single chime will sound, indicating that an oil change is necessary.  On vehicles not equipped with an instrument cluster display, “Change Oil” will flash in the instrument cluster odometer and a single chime will sound, indicating that an oil change is necessary.  An authorized dealer will reset the oil change indicator message after completing the scheduled oil change.  To reset the system follow the steps described Note: Under no circumstances should oil change intervals exceed 10,000 miles (16,000 km), 12 months or 350 hours of engine run time, whichever comes first.  The 350 hours of engine run or idle time is generally only a concern for fleet customers.  SCHEDULED SERVICING — DIESEL ENGINE Your vehicle is equipped with an automatic oil change indicator system.  The oil change indicator system will remind you that it is time to take your vehicle in for scheduled maintenance.  Based on engine operation conditions, the oil change indicator message will illuminate.  This means that service is required for your vehicle.  Operating conditions such as frequent short-trips, trailer tow, extremely hot or cold ambient temperatures will influence when the “Oil Change Required” message is displayed.  Have your vehicle serviced as soon as possible, within the next 500 miles (805 km).  An authorized dealer will reset the oil change indicator message after completing the scheduled oil change.  If a scheduled oil change is performed by someone other than an authorized dealer, to reset the message Note: Under no circumstances should oil change intervals exceed 10,000 miles (16,000 km) or 12 months, whichever comes first.