Push the button to turn on the Hazard Warning Flashers.  When the button is activated, all directional turn signals will flash on and off to warn oncoming traffic of an emergency.  Push the button a second time to turn off the Hazard Warning Flashers.  The Hazard Warning Flashers button is located on the instrument panel below the climate controls.  Hazard Warning Flashers Button With extended use the Hazard Warning Flashers may wear down your battery.  When you must leave the vehicle to seek assistance, the Hazard Warning Flashers will continue to operate even though the ignition is placed in the OFF position.  The LEDs are turn signal indicators, which flash with the corresponding turn signal lights in the front and rear of the vehicle.  Turning on the Hazard Warning flashers will also activate these LEDs.  Park on a firm, level surface.  Avoid ice or slippery areas.  Do not attempt to change a tire on the side of the vehicle close to moving traffic.  Pull far enough off the road to avoid being hit when operating the jack or changing the wheel.  turn on the Hazard Warning Flashers.  Apply the parking brake.  Shift the automatic transmission into PARK (P), or a manual transmission into REVERSE.  Cycle the ignition to OFF.  Block both the front and rear of the wheel diagonally opposite of the jacking position.  For example, if the driver’s front wheel is being changed, block the passenger’s rear wheel.  Always park on a firm, level surface as far from the edge of the roadway as possible before raising the vehicle.  turn on the Hazard Warning Flashers.  Apply the parking brake firmly and shift an automatic transmission in PARK; a manual transmission to REVERSE.  Block the wheel diagonally opposite the wheel to be raised.  Never start or run the engine with the vehicle on a jack.  Do not let anyone sit in the vehicle when it is on a jack.  Do not get under the vehicle when it is on a jack.  If you need to get under a raised vehicle, take it to a service center where it can be raised on a lift.  Only use the jack in the positions indicated and for lifting this vehicle during a tire change.  If working on or near a roadway, be extremely careful of motor traffic.  To assure that spare tires, flat or inflated, are securely stowed, spares must be stowed with the valve stem facing the ground.  This is an emergency warning system and it should not be used when the vehicle is in motion.  Use only when your vehicle is disabled or creating a safety hazard warning for other motorists.