Use good quality diesel fuel from a reputable supplier in your vehicle.  For most year-round service, Number 2 diesel fuel meeting ASTM (formerly known as the American Society for Testing and Materials) specification D-975 Grade S15 will provide good performance.  If the vehicle is exposed to extreme cold (below 20°F or -7°C), or is required to operate at colder-than-normal conditions for prolonged periods, use climatized Number 2 diesel fuel or dilute the Number 2 diesel fuel with 50% Number 1 diesel fuel.  This will provide better protection from fuel gelling or wax-plugging of the fuel filters.  If the vehicle is exposed to extreme cold (below 20°F or -7°C), or is required to operate at colder-than-normal conditions for prolonged periods, use climatized Number 2 diesel fuel or dilute the Number 2 diesel fuel with 50% Number 1 diesel fuel.  This will provide better protection from fuel gelling or wax-plugging of the fuel filters.  For the proper maintenance intervals see "⇨maintenance plan" for gas engines or "⇨maintenance plan — diesel fuel up to b5 biodiesel" for diesel engines.  This diesel engine has been developed to take advantage of the high energy content and generally lower cost Number 2 Ultra Low Sulfur diesel fuel or Number 2 Ultra Low Sulfur climatized diesel fuels.  The engine requires the use of ultra low sulfur diesel fuel.  Use of incorrect fuel could result in engine and exhaust system damage If climatized or Number 1 ULSD fuel is not available, and you are operating below 20°F (-6°C), in sustained arctic conditions, Mopar® Premium Diesel Fuel Treatment (or equivalent) is recommended to avoid gelling (see Fuel Operating Range Chart).  If you accidentally fill the fuel tank with gasoline or DEF on your diesel vehicle, do not start the engine.  Damage to the engine and fuel system could occur.  Please call an authorized dealer for service.  A maximum blend of 5% biodiesel meeting ASTM specification D-975 may be used with your diesel engine without any adjustments to regular service schedules.  Commercially available fuel additives are not necessary for the proper operation of your diesel engine.  Number 1 Ultra Low Sulfur diesel fuel should only be used where extended arctic conditions (-10°F or -23°C) exist.  Use of Climatized ULSD Fuel or Number 1 ULSD fuel results in a noticeable decrease in fuel economy.  Climatized ULSD fuel is a blend of Number 2 ULSD fuel and Number 1 ULSD fuel which reduces the temperature at which wax crystals form in fuel.  The fuel grade should be clearly marked on the pump at the fuel station.  Component Fluid, Lubricant, or Genuine Part Engine Coolant We recommend using Mopar® Antifreeze/Coolant 10 Year/150,000 Mile (240,000 km) Formula OAT (Organic Additive Technology) or equivalent meeting the requirements of the manufacturer Material Standard MS.90032.  Engine Oil — 3.0L Diesel Engine We recommend using Mopar® API Certified SAE 5W-40 Full Synthetic Engine Oil which meets the requirements of the manufacturer Material Standard MS-12991.  Equivalent full synthetic SAE 5W-40 engine oil can be used but must be compliant to API SN/SP and ACEA A3/B4 specifications Fuel Filters — 3.0L Diesel Engine We recommend using Mopar® Fuel Filter.  Must meet 3 micron rating.  Using a fuel filter that does not meet the manufacturer filtration and water separating requirements can severely impact fuel system life and reliability.  Fuel Selection — 3.0L Diesel Engine Use good quality diesel fuel from a reputable supplier in your vehicle.  Federal law requires that you must fuel this vehicle with Ultra Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (15 ppm Sulfur maximum) and prohibits the use of Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (500 ppm Sulfur maximum) to avoid damage to the emissions control system.  For most year-round service, Number 2 diesel fuel meeting ASTM specification D-975 Grade S15 will provide good performance.  We recommend you use a blend of up to 5% biodiesel, meeting ASTM specification D-975 with your diesel engine.  Diesel Exhaust Fluid — 3.0L Diesel Engine Mopar® Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF)(API Certified) or equivalent that has been API Certified to the ISO 22241 standard.  Use of fluids not API Certified to ISO 22241 may result in system damage.  Open the fuel filler door.  Fuel Filler Door Remove the diesel fuel filler cap by rotating it counterclockwise.  Fuel and Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) Fill Location Fully insert the diesel nozzle into the filler pipe.  Fill the vehicle with fuel.  When the nozzle “clicks” or shuts off, the fuel tank is full.  Wait five seconds before removing the fuel nozzle to allow excess fuel to drain from nozzle.  Remove the diesel nozzle, reinstall fuel cap and close the fuel filler door.