AUX/USB Control The Media Hub is located on the instrument panel, below the climate controls.  Behind the media hub access door, the Media Hub contains one AUX port, a Type C USB port and one standard USB port.  Both USB ports allow you to play music from smartphones or USB devices through the vehicle’s sound system.  Plugging in a smartphone device to a USB port may activate Android Auto™ or Apple CarPlay® features, if equipped.  For further information, refer to the Uconnect Radio Instruction Manual or The Smart Charging USB ports provide power to your device up to an hour after the vehicle is turned off.  For example, if a device is plugged into the Type A USB port and another device is plugged into the Type C USB port, a message will appear and allow you to select which device to use.  Located inside the center console, a second USB port allows you to only charge USB devices.  Depending on your vehicle’s specifications, the USB port may contain playback capabilities and will allow you to play music from your smartphone device or USB devices through your vehicle’s sound system.  A third and fourth USB port are located behind the center console, above the power inverter.  Both ports are charge only.  When a new device or smartphone is plugged into the USB ports, one of the following message will display depending on the device being utilized: “A new device is now connected.  Previous connection was lost”.  “(Phone Name) now connected.  Previous connection was lost”.  “Another device is in use through the same USB port.  Please disconnect the first device to use the second device”.  Note: Once a device is connected to the USB port, it will begin charging and is ready for use with the system.  Type C and Type A charge-only USB ports can be used at the same time but cannot be used simultaneously while playing media.  When both Type C and Type A charge-only USB ports are in use they will be charged at a reduced rate.  Both ports share a single data connection.  The user cannot switch between Type A and Type C. Note: Charge unsupported devices with the Charge Only USB ports.  If an unsupported device is plugged into a Media USB port, a message will display on the touchscreen that the device is not supported by the system.  WARNING: Do not plug in or remove the external device while driving.  Failure to follow this warning could result in a collision.  Onboard Diagnostic System (OBD II) Cybersecurity Your vehicle is required to have an OBD II and a connection port to allow access to information related to the performance of your emissions controls.  Authorized service technicians may need to access this information to assist with the diagnosis and service of your vehicle and emissions systemWARNING: ONLY an authorized service technician should connect equipment to the OBD II connection port in order to read the VIN, diagnose, or service your vehicle.  If unauthorized equipment is connected to the obd ii connection port, such as a driver-behavior tracking device, it may: be possible that vehicle systems, including safety related systems, could be impaired or a loss of vehicle control could occur that may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  Access, or allow others to access, information stored in your vehicle systems, including personal information.