Oil Temperature Warning Light This warning light will illuminate to indicate the engine oil temperature is high.  If the light turns on while driving, stop the vehicle and shut off the engine as soon as possible.  Wait for oil temperature to return to normal levels.  Oil Pressure Warning Light This warning light will illuminate, and a chime will sound, to indicate low engine oil pressure.  If the light and chime turn on while driving, safely stop the vehicle and turn off the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the Oil Pressure Warning Light.  If the Oil Pressure Warning Light is still illuminated, turn the engine OFF and contact an authorized dealer for further assistance.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the light is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated but it is recommended to take the vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  This light does not indicate how much oil is in the engine.  The engine oil level must be checked under the hood.  Do Not Operate The Engine With Low Oil Pressure If the Low Oil Pressure Warning Light turns on while driving, stop the vehicle and shut down the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the lamp.  If the lamp is still illuminated, shut the engine off, contact an authorized dealer, and do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the lamp is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated, but should be taken to an authorized dealer as soon as possible for further inspection.  Note: Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  This light does not show how much oil is in the engine.  The engine oil level must be checked under the hood.  CAUTION: If oil pressure falls to less than normal readings, shut the engine off immediately.  Failure to do so could result in immediate and severe engine damage.