Tachometer Indicates the engine speed in revolutions per minute (RPM x 1000).  Do not operate the engine with the tachometer pointer in the red area.  Engine damage will occur.  Temperature Gauge The temperature gauge shows engine coolant temperature.  Any reading within the normal range indicates that the engine cooling system is operating satisfactorily.  The gauge pointer will likely indicate a higher temperature when driving in hot weather, up mountain grades, or when towing a trailer.  It should not be allowed to exceed the upper limits of the normal operating range.  A hot engine cooling system is dangerous.  You or others could be badly burned by steam or boiling coolant.  It is recommended that you call an authorized dealer for service if your vehicle overheats.  Driving with a hot engine cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H”, turn the engine off immediately and call an authorized dealer for service.  Instrument Cluster Display The instrument cluster display features a driver interactive display Fuel Gauge The pointer shows the level of fuel in the fuel tank when the ignition switch is in the ON/RUN position.  The fuel pump symbol points to the side of the vehicle where the fuel filler door is located Speedometer Indicates vehicle speed.  The engine will shut down, the tachometer will move to the zero position and the Stop/Start telltale will illuminate indicating you are in Autostop.  Customer settings will be maintained upon return to an engine-running condition.  The engine will shut down, the tachometer will fall to the stop/start position, the stop/start autostop active message will appear, and the heater/air conditioning (hvac) air flow will be reduced.  This warning light will indicate when the Electronic Stability Control system is Active.  The ESC Indicator Light in the instrument cluster will come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position, and when ESC is activated.  It should go out with the engine running.  If the ESC Indicator Light comes on continuously with the engine running, a malfunction has been detected in the ESC system.  If this warning light remains on after several ignition cycles, and the vehicle has been driven several miles (kilometers) at speeds greater than 30 mph (48 km/h), see an authorized dealer as soon as possible to have the problem diagnosed and corrected.  If there is a malfunction in the Stop/Start system, the system will not shut down the engine.  A “SERVICE STOP/START SYSTEM” message and a yellow Stop/Start telltale will appear in the instrument cluster display If an obstacle is detected in the center front region, the display will show a single solid arc in the center front region with no chime.  As the vehicle moves closer to the obstacle, the display will show the single arc moving closer to the vehicle and a fast sound tone will be heard and will change from fast, to continuous.