When making a selection, only press one button at a time to enter the desired menu.  Once in the desired menu, press and release the preferred setting option until a check mark appears next to the setting, showing that setting has been selected.  Once the setting is complete, press the X button on the touchscreen to close out of the settings screen.  Pressing the Up or Down Arrow button on the right side of the screen will allow you to toggle up or down through the available settings.  Setting Name Description Display Mode This setting will allow you to set the brightness manually or have the system set it automatically.  The “Auto” setting has the system automatically adjust the display brightness.  The “Manual” setting will allow the user to adjust the brightness of the display.  Display Brightness With Headlights ON/Brightness This setting will allow you to set the brightness when the headlights are on.  To access this setting, Display Mode must be set to Manual.  The “+” setting will increase the brightness; the “-” will decrease the brightness.  Display Brightness With Headlights OFF/Brightness This setting will allow you to set the brightness when the headlights are off.  To access this setting, Display Mode must be set to Manual.  The “+” setting will increase the brightness; the “-” will decrease the brightness.  Set Theme This setting will allow you to change the display theme.  Keyboard This setting will change the keyboard type on the display.  The selectable keyboards are “ABCDEF Keyboard”, “QWERTY Keyboard”, and “AZERTY Keyboard”.  Touchscreen Beep This setting will allow you to turn the touchscreen beep on or off.  Control Screen Timeout This setting allows you to set the Control Screen to turn off automatically after five seconds or stay open until manually closed.  Navigation Next Turn Pop-ups Displayed in Cluster This setting will display navigation prompts in the Instrument Cluster Display.  Phone Pop-ups Displayed In Cluster This setting will display smartphone notifications and messages in the Instrument Cluster Display.  Auto Launch with Off-Road+ This setting will determine how the Off-Road feature is launched through the radio when turning the vehicle on.  The options are “Off”, “Forward Camera” (if equipped), and “Off Road Pages”.  In Bluetooth® Mode, press and release the Seek Up button on the touchscreen for the next selection on the Bluetooth® device.  Press and release the Seek Down button on the touchscreen to return to the beginning of the current selection, or return to the beginning of the previous selection if the Bluetooth® device is within the first second of the current selection.