When stuck in mud, sand, snow, or ice conditions, do not spin your vehicle's wheels above 30 mph (48 km/h), or for longer than 30 seconds continuously without stopping.  You will encounter many types of terrain driving off-road.  You should be familiar with the terrain and area before proceeding.  There are many types of surface conditions: hard-packed dirt, gravel, rocks, grass, sand, mud, snow and ice.  Every surface has a different effect on your vehicle's steering, handling and traction.  Controlling your vehicle is one of the keys to successful off-road driving, so always keep a firm grip on the steering wheel and maintain a good driving posture.  Avoid sudden accelerations, turns or braking.  In most cases, there are no road signs, posted speed limits or signal lights.  Therefore, you will need to use your own good judgment on what is safe and what is not.  When on a trail, you should always be looking ahead for surface obstacles and changes in terrain.  The key is to plan your future driving route while remembering what you are currently driving over.  If your vehicle becomes stuck in mud, sand or snow, it can often be moved using a rocking motion.  Turn the steering wheel right and left to clear the area around the front wheels.  For vehicles with automatic transmission, push and hold the lock button on the gear selector.  Then, shift back and forth between DRIVE (D) and REVERSE (R) (with automatic transmission) or SECOND (2) gear and REVERSE (R) (with manual transmission), while gently pressing the accelerator.  Use the least amount of accelerator pedal pressure that will maintain the rocking motion, without spinning the wheels or racing the engine.  Deep mud creates a great deal of suction around the tires and is very difficult to get through.  You should use DRIVE, with the transfer case in the 4L position to maintain your momentum.  If you start to slow to a stop, try turning your steering wheel no more than a quarter turn quickly back and forth for additional traction.  Mud holes pose an increased threat of vehicle damage and getting stuck.  They are normally full of debris from previous vehicles getting stuck.  As a good practice before entering any mud hole, get out and determine how deep it is, if there are any hidden obstacles and if the vehicle can be safely recovered if stuck.