When hauling cargo using the mid position and the tailgate, you must support the load at two forward locations: at the top of the rear wheelhouse (1) between the wheelhouse and the tailgate (2) chamfered boards in pickup box 1 — support location 1 2 — support location 2 failure to support the load at these two forward locations could result in damage.  Three 2x4 boards are needed to provide support at locations (1) and (2).  Each board will need to be cut to fit inside the pickup box.  The support at location (1) should be seated in the dedicated formation on top of the wheelhouses.  The support at location (2) should use the remaining two 2x4s.  Stack the boards and place them into the formation in the side wall of the pickup box.  The corners of the bottom board will need to be chamfered to fit.  All cargo transported in the pickup box must be secured.  The maximum payload for the mid position is 300 lb (136 kg).  Remove the two screws that pass through the bed sheet metal.  Tail Lamp Screws Pull the outboard side of the lamp rearward, far enough to unsnap the two receptacles on the outboard side of the lamp housing, from the two plastic snap post retainers in the outer box side panel.  Once removed, locate and rotate the appropriate socket a quarter turn counterclockwise, then remove it from the housing.  Pull the bulb straight from the socket to replace.  To install a new bulb, reverse the procedure above.  With the bag opened completely, fold the fabric divider downward and lay the rear window in the bottom of the bag.  Step One Fold the divider upward, covering the rear window.  Step Two Lay the first quarter panel cover assembly all the way to the right side and the second quarter panel cover assembly on the left side.  Secure both using the two hook-and-loop fastener straps on each side.  The quarter panel cover assemblies are marked “1” and “2” on the inside of the panel assembly.  Step Three 1 — Left Quarter Panel Cover Assembly 2 — Right Quarter Panel Cover Assembly Close the storage bag and store in a safe location.