Description The Remote Vehicle Start feature provides you with the ability to start the engine on your vehicle without the keys and from virtually any distance.  Once started, the preset climate controls in your vehicle can warm up or cool down the interior.  You can also send a command to turn off an engine that has been started using Remote Vehicle Start.  After 15 minutes, if you have not entered your vehicle with the key, the engine will shut off automatically.  This remote function requires your vehicle to be equipped with a factory-installed Remote Start system.  You can set up push notifications every time a command is sent to activate or cancel Remote Start.  REMOTE START — IF EQUIPPED (DIESEL) This system uses the key fob to start the engine conveniently from outside the vehicle while still maintaining security.  The system has a range of approximately 328 ft (100 m).  Remote Start is used to defrost windows in cold weather, and to reach a comfortable climate in all ambient conditions before the driver enters the vehicle.  Note: The vehicle must be equipped with an automatic transmission to be equipped with Remote Start.  Obstructions between the vehicle and the key fob may reduce this range.  The Remote Start system will wait for the Wait To Start yellow telltale to extinguish before cranking the engine This allows time for the engine preheat cycle to heat the cylinder air, and is normal in cold weather.  WARNING: Do not start or run an engine in a closed garage or confined area.  Exhaust gas contains carbon monoxide (CO) which is odorless and colorless.  Carbon monoxide is poisonous and can cause serious injury or death when inhaled.  Keep key fobs away from children.  Operation of the Remote Start system, windows, door locks or other controls could cause serious injury or death.  REMOTE START — IF EQUIPPED (GASOLINE) This system uses the key fob to start the engine conveniently from outside the vehicle while still maintaining security.  The system has a range of 328 ft (100 m).  Remote Start is used to defrost windows in cold weather, and to reach a comfortable climate in all ambient conditions before the driver enters the vehicle.  Note: The vehicle must be equipped with an automatic transmission to be equipped with Remote Start.  Obstructions between the vehicle and key fob may reduce this rangeWARNING: Do not start or run an engine in a closed garage or confined area.  Exhaust gas contains carbon monoxide (CO) which is odorless and colorless.  Carbon monoxide is poisonous and can cause serious injury or death when inhaled.  Keep key fobs away from children.  Operation of the Remote Start system, windows, door locks or other controls could cause serious injury or death.