The vehicle must be equipped with an automatic transmission to be equipped with Remote Start.  Obstructions between the vehicle and the key fob may reduce this range.  The Remote Start system will wait for the Wait To Start yellow telltale to extinguish before cranking the engine This allows time for the engine preheat cycle to heat the cylinder air, and is normal in cold weather.  The engine is equipped with a glow plug preheating system.  If the instructions in this manual are followed, the engine should start in all conditions and no type of starting fluid should be used.  Always apply the parking brake.  Press and hold the brake pedal while pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once.  A delay of the start of up to five seconds is possible under very cold conditions.  The “Wait to Start” telltale will be illuminated during the preheat process.  When the engine “Wait To Start” telltale turns off the engine will automatically crank.  If the Water in Fuel Indicator Light remains on, DO NOT START the engine before you drain the water from the fuel filters to avoid engine damage The system will automatically engage the starter to crank the engine.  If the vehicle fails to start, the starter will disengage automatically after 25 seconds.  If you wish to stop the cranking of the engine prior to the engine starting, push the ENGINE START/STOP button again.  Check that the Oil Pressure Warning Light has turned off.  Release the parking brake.  Racing the engine or spinning the wheels may lead to transmission overheating and failure.  Allow the engine to idle with the transmission in NEUTRAL (N) for at least one minute after every five rocking-motion cycles.  This will minimize overheating and reduce the risk of clutch or transmission failure during prolonged efforts to free a stuck vehicle.  When “rocking” a stuck vehicle by shifting between DRIVE/SECOND gear and REVERSE, do not spin the wheels faster than 15 mph (24 km/h), or drivetrain damage may result.  Revving the engine or spinning the wheels too fast may lead to transmission overheating and failure.  It can also damage the tires.  Do not spin the wheels above 30 mph (48 km/h) while in gear (no transmission shifting occurring).