4L Four-Wheel Drive Low Range — This range provides low speed four-wheel drive.  It maximizes torque to the front driveshaft, forcing the front and rear wheels to rotate at the same speed.  This range provides additional traction and maximum pulling power for loose, slippery road surfaces only.  Do not exceed 25 mph (40 km/h).  This transfer case is designed to be driven in the two-wheel drive position (2H) or four-wheel drive position (4H AUTO) for normal street and highway conditions on dry hard surfaced roads.  For variable driving conditions, the 4H AUTO mode can be used.  In this mode, the front axle is engaged, but the vehicle's power is sent to the rear wheels.  Four-wheel drive will be automatically engaged when the vehicle senses a loss of traction.  Because the front axle is engaged, this mode will result in lower fuel economy than the 2H mode.  In the event that additional traction is required, the transfer case 4H and 4L positions can be used to lock the front and rear driveshafts together, forcing the front and rear wheels to rotate at the same speed.  The 4H and 4L positions are intended for loose, slippery road surfaces only and not intended for normal driving.  Driving in the 4H and 4L positions on hard-surfaced roads will cause increased tire wear and damage to the driveline components.  For further information on shifting into 4H or 4L The instrument cluster alerts the driver that the vehicle is in four-wheel drive, and the front and rear driveshafts are locked together.  The light will illuminate when the transfer case is shifted into the 4H position.  When operating your vehicle in 4L, the engine speed will be approximately three times (four times for Rubicon models) that of the 2H or 4H positions at a given road speed.  Take care not to overspeed the engine.  Proper operation of four-wheel drive vehicles depends on tires of equal size, type, and circumference on each wheel.  Any difference will adversely affect shifting and cause damage to the transfer case.  Because four-wheel drive provides improved traction, there is a tendency to exceed safe turning and stopping speeds.  Do not go faster than road conditions permit.