Start by removing the rear window first.  Use the two straps located on the bottom of each side of the rear window to remove the right and left vertical retainers, as well as the lower center retainer.  Step One (Right Side Shown) Step One While keeping the rear window level, slide it outward in either direction until it is completely separate from its retainer.  Do not pull downward while removing the rear window.  Damage to the retainer could result.  Store the rear window in the soft top rear window storage bag (if equipped), or in a safe locationStep Two After removing the rear window, remove the quarter panel cover assemblies starting with either side.  Disengage the quarter panel cover assembly from the bottom by pulling the fabric at the bottom upward.  With two hands, grab the front of the quarter panel cover assembly and pull outward to disengage it from its retainer on the door frame.  Step Four Pull the quarter panel cover assembly up and out from the bottom, then pull it down and away from the vehicle to remove.  Step Five Repeat this procedure for the other quarter panel cover assembly.  Store the assemblies in the soft top rear window storage bag (if equipped), or a safe location.  Guide the top of the quarter panel cover assembly up into the retainer.  Step One Failure to follow all quarter panel cover assembly and rear window install steps could result in damage to the Soft Top or vehicle.  Engage the plastic retainers on the front of the cover assembly (toward the front of the vehicle) starting at the top, and working downward.  Step Two It is critical that the retainers are fully engaged before the vehicle resumes motion.  Secure the hook-and-loop fastener at the upper front corner of each quarter panel cover assembly by pressing firmly.  Step Three From either side, guide the rear window into the retainer while keeping the window level.  Step Four Engage the retainer along the bottom of the rear window beginning on the left side of the vehicle and working toward the center.  Then, move to the right side of the vehicle and continue from the center, working to the right until the rear window is secured in the lower retainer.  Step Five Engage the vertical retainers up the right and left side of the rear window.  Step Six Tuck the rear window under the soft top fabric and press firmly.  Step Seven Engage the rear window retainers in the lower right and left corners.  Fold down the sun visor against the windshield.  Turn the three L-shaped locks on the left side panel (one at the front, the rear, and outside), unlocking them from the roof.  Step Two 1 — Outside Panel Lock 2 — Rear Panel Lock 3 — Front Panel Lock Unlatch the left side header panel latch located at the top of the windshield.  Step Three Remove the left side panel.  Repeat the preceding steps to remove the right side panel.