STORING THE VEHICLE If you are storing your vehicle for more than 3 weeks, we recommend that you take the following steps to minimize the drain on your vehicle's battery: Disconnect the negative cable from the battery.  If your vehicle is equipped with Stop/Start system then disconnect both the main and supplemental negative battery cables.  Any time you store your vehicle or keep it out of service (i.e., vacation) for two weeks or more, run the air conditioning system at idle for about five minutes in the fresh air and high blower setting.  This will ensure adequate system lubrication to minimize the possibility of compressor damage when the system is started again.  If assistance is needed to disconnect the battery system, see an authorized dealer.  Battery cable disconnect 1 — supplemental negative battery cable 2 — main negative battery cable 3 — main negative battery terminal 4 — intelligent battery sensor (ibs) warning: take care to avoid the radiator cooling fan whenever the hood is raised.  It can start anytime the ignition switch is ON.  You can be injured by moving fan blades.  Remove any metal jewelry such as rings, watch bands and bracelets that could make an inadvertent electrical contact.  You could be seriously injured.  Vehicles with the Stop/Start system will be equipped with two batteries.  Both the main and the supplemental batteries must be disconnected to completely de-energize the 12 Volt electrical system.  Serious injury or death could result if you do not disconnect both batteries.  To learn how to properly disconnect, see an authorized dealer.  CAUTION: If the negative battery cables are not isolated properly it can cause a potential power spike or surge in the system, resulting in damage to essential electrical components.  Note: You must isolate the supplemental battery connection point, as well as the main battery terminal from the post, as shown in the image, to fully de-energize both batteries for storage.  If assistance is needed to disconnect the battery system, see an authorized dealer.  Do not disconnect the Intelligent Battery Sensor (IBS), or your Stop/Start system may not function for up to 24 hours, due to the IBS being set into learn mode.  Lockout Service Whether the keys are locked in your vehicle or frozen locks are keeping you from getting on your way, help is just a phone call away.  This service is limited to providing access to the vehicle’s seating area.  It does not cover the cost of replacement keys.  VEHICLE MAINTENANCE An authorized dealer has the qualified service personnel, special tools, and equipment to perform all service operations in an expert manner.  Service Manuals are available which include detailed service information for your vehicle.  Refer to these Service Manuals before attempting any procedure yourself.  Note: Intentional tampering with emissions control systems may void your warranty and could result in civil penalties being assessed against you.  WARNING: You can be badly injured working on or around a motor vehicle.  Only do service work for which you have the knowledge and the proper equipment.  If you have any doubt about your ability to perform a service job, take your vehicle to a competent mechanic.