Driving Up Hill Once you have determined your ability to proceed and have shifted into the appropriate gear, line your vehicle up for the straightest possible run.  Accelerate with an easy constant throttle and apply more power as you start up the hill.  Do not race forward into a steep grade; the abrupt change of grade could cause you to lose control.  If the front end begins to bounce, ease off the throttle slightly to bring all four tires back on the ground.  As you approach the crest of the hill, ease off the throttle and slowly proceed over the top.  If the wheels start to slip as you approach the crest of a hill, ease off the accelerator and maintain headway by turning the steering wheel no more than a quarter turn quickly back and forth.  This will provide a fresh "bite" into the surface and will usually provide enough traction to complete the climb.  If you do not make it to the top, place the vehicle in REVERSE and back straight down the grade using engine resistance along with the vehicle brakes.  WARNING: Never attempt to climb a hill at an angle or turn around on a steep grade.  Driving across an incline increases the risk of a rollover, which may result in severe injury.  If You Stall Or Begin To Lose Headway If you stall or begin to lose headway while climbing a steep hill, allow your vehicle to come to a stop and immediately apply the brake.  Restart the engine and shift into REVERSE.  Back slowly down the hill allowing engine braking to control the descent and apply your brakes, if necessary, but do not allow the tires to lock.  WARNING: If the engine stalls or you lose headway or cannot make it to the top of a steep hill or grade, never attempt to turn around.  To do so may result in tipping and rolling the vehicle, which may result in severe injury.  Always back carefully straight down a hill in REVERSE.  Never back down a hill in NEUTRAL using only the vehicle brakes.  Never drive diagonally across a hill, always drive straight up or down.  Before Climbing A Steep Hill As you approach a hill, consider its grade or steepness.  Determine if it is too steep.  Look to see what the traction is on the hill side trail.  Is the trail straight up and down?  What is on top and the other side?  Are there ruts, rocks, branches or other obstacles on the path?  Can you safely recover the vehicle if something goes wrong?  If everything looks good and you feel confident, shift the transmission into a lower gear with 4L engaged, and proceed with caution, maintaining your momentum as you climb the hill.