If the temperature is below 72°F (24°C) and/or the top has been folded down for a period of time, the top will appear to have shrunk when you raise it, making it difficult to put up.  This is caused by a natural contraction of the vinyl or acrylic materials of the fabric top.  If required for certain off-road uses, the windshield can be folded down.  However, the protection afforded by the windshield is then lost.  If you fold down the windshield, drive slowly and cautiously.  It is recommended that the speed of the vehicle be limited to 10 mph (16 km/h), with low range operation preferred if you are driving off-road with the windshield folded down.  The fold-down windshield on your vehicle is a structural element that can provide protection in some accidents.  The windshield also provides protection against weather, road debris and intrusion of small branches and other objects.  To fold down the rear seat, pull the release strap located on the upper outboard side of the rear seat to release the seat.  The head restraints are folded independently Position the latch plate as close as possible to the anchor point.  At about 6 to 12 inches (15 to 30 cm) above the latch plate, grab and twist the seat belt webbing 180 degrees to create a fold that begins immediately above the latch plate.  Slide the latch plate upward over the folded webbing.  The folded webbing must enter the slot at the top of the latch plate.  Continue to slide the latch plate up until it clears the folded webbing and the seat belt is no longer twisted.  Be sure that the front seats are fully upright and positioned forward.  This will allow the rear seat to fold down easily.  The center head restraints must be in the lowest position to avoid contact with the center console when folding the seat.  Do not drive your vehicle on-road with the windshield down.  Do not drive your vehicle unless the windshield is securely fastened, either up or down.  Eye protection, such as goggles, should be worn at all times when the windshield is down.  Be sure that you carefully follow the instructions for raising the windshield.  Make sure that the folding windshield, windshield wipers, side bars, and all associated hardware and fasteners are correctly and tightly assembled before driving your vehicle.  Failure to follow these instructions may prevent your vehicle from providing you and your passengers’ protection in some accidents.  If you remove the doors, store them outside the vehicle.  In the event of an accident, a loose door may cause personal injury.