The Air Bag Warning Light will turn on for four to eight seconds as a bulb check when the ignition switch is first placed in the ON/RUN position.  If the light is either not on during starting, stays on, or turns on while driving, have the system inspected at an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  This light will illuminate with a single chime when a fault with the Air Bag Warning Light has been detected, it will stay on until the fault is removed.  If the light comes on intermittently or remains on while driving, have an authorized dealer service the vehicle immediately Ignoring the Air Bag Warning Light in your instrument panel could mean you won’t have the air bag system to protect you in a collision.  If the light does not come on as a bulb check when the ignition is first turned on, stays on after you start the vehicle, or if it comes on as you drive, have an authorized dealer service the air bag system immediately.  Ignoring the Air Bag Warning Light in your instrument panel could mean you won’t have the air bags to protect you in a collision.  If the light does not come on as a bulb check when the ignition is first turned on, stays on after you start the vehicle, or if it comes on as you drive, have an authorized dealer service the air bag system immediately.  Placing an object on the floor under the front passenger seat may prevent the OCS from working properly, which may result in serious injury or death in a collision.  Do not place any objects on the floor under the front passenger seat.  If there is a fault present in the OCS, both the PAD Indicator Light and the Air Bag Warning Light will illuminate to show that the Passenger Advanced Front Air Bag is deactivated.  Should this occur, the Passenger Advanced Front Air Bag will remain deactivated until the fault is cleared.  This indicates that you should take the vehicle to an authorized dealer for service immediately.  The Air Bag Warning Light does not come on during the four to eight seconds when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  The Air Bag Warning Light remains on after the four to eight-second interval.  The Air Bag Warning Light comes on intermittently or remains on while driving.  The air bag warning light will illuminate whenever the ocs is unable to classify the front passenger seat status.  A malfunction in the OCS may affect the operation of the air bag system.  If the air bag warning light does not come on, or stays on after you start the vehicle, or it comes on as you drive, take the vehicle to an authorized dealer for service immediately.  The ORC turns on the Air Bag Warning Light in the instrument panel for approximately four to eight seconds for a self-check when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  After the self-check, the Air Bag Warning Light will turn off.  If the ORC detects a malfunction in any part of the system, it turns on the Air Bag Warning Light, either momentarily or continuously.  A single chime will sound to alert you if the light comes on again after initial startup.