Air Bag Warning Light The Occupant Restraint Controller (ORC) monitors the readiness of the electronic parts of the air bag system whenever the ignition switch is in the START or ON/RUN position.  If the ignition switch is in the OFF position or in the ACC position, the air bag system is not on and the air bags will not inflate.  The ORC contains a backup power supply system that may deploy the air bag system even if the battery loses power or it becomes disconnected prior to deployment.  The ORC turns on the Air Bag Warning Light in the instrument panel for approximately four to eight seconds for a self-check when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  After the self-check, the Air Bag Warning Light will turn off.  If the ORC detects a malfunction in any part of the system, it turns on the Air Bag Warning Light, either momentarily or continuously.  A single chime will sound to alert you if the light comes on again after initial startup.  The ORC also includes diagnostics that will illuminate the instrument panel Air Bag Warning Light if a malfunction is detected that could affect the air bag system.  The diagnostics also record the nature of the malfunction.  While the air bag system is designed to be maintenance free, if any of the following occurs, have an authorized dealer service the air bag system immediately.  The Air Bag Warning Light does not come on during the four to eight seconds when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  The Air Bag Warning Light remains on after the four to eight-second interval.  The Air Bag Warning Light comes on intermittently or remains on while driving.  Note: If the speedometer, tachometer, or any engine related gauges are not working, the Occupant Restraint Controller (ORC) may also be disabled.  In this condition the air bags may not be ready to inflate for your protection.  have an authorized dealer service the air bag system immediately.  WARNING: Ignoring the Air Bag Warning Light in your instrument panel could mean you won’t have the air bag system to protect you in a collision.  If the light does not come on as a bulb check when the ignition is first turned on, stays on after you start the vehicle, or if it comes on as you drive, have an authorized dealer service the air bag system immediately.