Cooling System WARNING: You or others can be badly burned by hot engine coolant (antifreeze) or steam from your radiator.  If you see or hear steam coming from under the hood, do not open the hood until the radiator has had time to cool.  Never open a cooling system pressure cap when the radiator or coolant bottle is hot.  Keep hands, tools, clothing, and jewelry away from the radiator cooling fan when the hood is raised.  The fan starts automatically and may start at any time, whether the engine is running or not.  When working near the radiator cooling fan, disconnect the fan motor lead or turn the ignition to the OFF position.  The fan is temperature controlled and can start at any time the ignition is in the ON position.  Halogen Headlamps — If Equipped See the following steps to replace: Open hood and support using prop rod.  Remove the front grille.  Turn the retainers along the top a quarter turn counterclockwise and remove.  Pull the bottom of the grille away, starting at one side and working toward the other.  Remove the three screws holding the headlamp to the vehicle.  Remove lamp from the vehicle.  Remove the lamp from the collar.  Grab the bulb and turn a quarter turn counterclockwise.  Pull the bulb from the housing.  Push connector locking tab to the unlock position.  Remove connector from bulb.  Push connector onto new bulb base, and push the connector locking tab to the lock position.  Reinstall bulb housing.  Rotate the bulb a quarter turn clockwise.  CAUTION: Do not touch the new bulb with your fingers.  Oil contamination will severely shorten bulb life.  If the bulb comes in contact with any oily surface, clean the bulb with rubbing alcohol.  Note: We recommend seeing an authorized dealer for service.  Opening The Hood Release both of the outside hood latches.  Raise the hood slightly, and place a hand palm-side down in the center of the hood opening.  Locate the safety latch in the middle, and push the latch to the right to open.  Remove the support rod from the hood, and insert it into the radiator crossmember.  Note: Vehicle must be at a stop and the gear selector must be in PARK.  You may have to push down slightly on the hood before pushing the safety latch.  While lifting the hood, use both hands.  Before lifting the hood, check that the wiper arms are not in motion and not in the lifted position.