Water In Fuel Indicator Light — If Equipped The Water In Fuel Indicator Light will illuminate when there is water detected in the fuel filter.  If this light remains on, DO NOT start the vehicle before you drain the water from the fuel filter to prevent engine damage, and please see an authorized dealer.  CAUTION: The presence of water in the fuel system circuit may cause severe damage to the injection system and irregular engine operation.  If the indicator light is illuminated, contact an authorized dealer as soon as possible to bleed the system.  If the previously mentioned indicators come on immediately after refueling, water or AdBlue® (UREA) have probably been poured into the tank: switch the engine off immediately and contact an authorized dealer.  Draining Fuel/Water Separator Filter — Diesel Engine The fuel/water separator housing is located inside the left frame rail in front of the fuel tank.  The best access to this water drain valve is from under the vehicle.  If necessary remove the fuel filter protective cover to access the water drain valve.  If water is detected in the water separator while the engine is running, or while the ignition switch is in the ON position, the Water In Fuel Indicator Light will illuminate and an audible chime will be heard.  At this point you should stop the engine and drain the water from the filter housing.  Within 10 minutes of vehicle shutdown, turn the filter drain valve (located on the bottom of the filter housing) counterclockwise to drain fuel/water; allow the accumulated water to drain.  Leave the drain valve open until all water and contaminants have been removed.  When clear fuel is visible, close the drain valve by turning it clockwise.  Upon proper draining of the water from fuel filter assembly, the Water In Fuel Indicator Light will remain illuminated for approximately 10 seconds.  If the water was drained while the engine was running, the Water In Fuel Indicator Light may remain on for approximately three minutes.  If more than two ounces or 60 ml of fuel have been drained, follow the directions for Priming If The Engine Has Run Out Of Fuel CAUTION: Do not drain the fuel/water separator filter when the engine is running.  Diesel fuel will damage blacktop paving surfaces.  Drain the filter into an appropriate container.  Note: Care should be taken in disposing of used fluids from your vehicle.  Used fluids, indiscriminately discarded, can present a problem to the environment.  Contact an authorized dealer, service station, or government agency for advice on recycling programs and for where used fluids and filters can be properly disposed of in your area.  Yellow indicator lights 4wd indicator light  ⇨4wd indicator light — if equipped  4wd low indicator light  ⇨4wd low indicator light — if equipped  4wd part time indicator light  ⇨4wd part time indicator light — if equipped  axle locker fault indicator light  ⇨axle locker fault indicator light — if equipped  rear axle lock indicator light  ⇨rear axle lock indicator light — if equipped  front and rear axle lock indicator light  ⇨front and rear axle lock indicator light — if equipped  forward collision warning off indicator light  ⇨forward collision warning off indicator light — if equipped  neutral indicator light  ⇨neutral indicator light — if equipped  sway bar indicator light  ⇨sway bar indicator light — if equipped  off road+ indicator light  ⇨off road+ indicator light — if equipped  cargo light on indicator light  ⇨cargo light on indicator light  wait to start indicator light  ⇨wait to start indicator light — if equipped  low diesel exhaust emissions additive adblue® (urea) indicator light  ⇨low diesel exhaust emissions additive adblue® (urea) indicator light — if equipped  water in fuel indicator light.