In some localities, it may be a legal requirement to pass an inspection of your vehicle's emissions control system.  Failure to pass could prevent vehicle registration.  Prolonged driving with the MIL on could cause further damage to the emission control system.  It could also affect fuel economy and driveability.  The vehicle must be serviced before any emissions tests can be performed.  If the MIL is flashing while the vehicle is running, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.  Intentional tampering with emissions control systems may void your warranty and could result in civil penalties being assessed against you.  Intentional tampering with the emissions control system can result in civil penalties being assessed against you.  Intentional tampering with emissions control systems can result in civil penalties being assessed against you.  Please read and follow these safety precautions.  Failure to do so may result in injury or property damage.  Prolonged driving with the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) on could cause damage to the vehicle control system.  It also could affect fuel economy and driveability.  If the MIL is flashing, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.  Poor quality gasoline can cause problems such as hard starting, stalling, and hesitations.  If you experience these symptoms, try another brand of gasoline before considering service for the vehicle.  The use of leaded gasoline is prohibited by Federal law.  Using leaded gasoline can impair engine performance and damage the emissions control system.  An out-of-tune engine, certain fuel or ignition malfunctions can cause the catalytic converter to overheat.  If you notice a pungent burning odor or some light smoke, your engine may be out-of-tune or malfunctioning and may require immediate service.  Contact an authorized dealer for service assistance.  The use of fuel additives, which are now being sold as octane enhancers, is not recommended.  Most of these products contain high concentrations of methanol.  Fuel system damage or vehicle performance problems resulting from the use of such fuels or additives is not the responsibility of The manufacturer and may void or not be covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  A malfunctioning catalytic converter, as previously referenced, can reach higher temperatures than in normal operating conditions.  This can cause a fire if you drive slowly or park over flammable substances such as dry plants, wood, cardboard, etc.  This could result in death or serious injury to the driver, occupants or others.