The engine is allowed to crank as long as 25 seconds.  If the engine fails to start during this period, please wait at least two minutes for the starter to cool before repeating start procedure.  If the Water in Fuel Indicator Light remains on, DO NOT START engine before you drain the water from the fuel filters to avoid engine damageInstall a battery charger or jumper cables to the battery to ensure a full battery charge during the crank cycle.  Press and hold the brake pedal while pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once.  If the engine fails to start within 10 seconds, place the ignition in the OFF position, wait 10 to 15 seconds to allow the starter to cool, then repeat the “Extended Park Starting” procedure.  If the engine fails to start after eight attempts, allow the starter to cool for at least 10 minutes, then repeat the procedure.  Always apply the parking brake.  Press and hold the brake pedal while pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once.  A delay of the start of up to five seconds is possible under very cold conditions.  The “Wait to Start” telltale will be illuminated during the preheat process.  When the engine “Wait To Start” telltale turns off the engine will automatically crank.  If the Water in Fuel Indicator Light remains on, DO NOT START the engine before you drain the water from the fuel filters to avoid engine damageThe system will automatically engage the starter to crank the engine.  If the vehicle fails to start, the starter will disengage automatically after 25 seconds.  If you wish to stop the cranking of the engine prior to the engine starting, push the ENGINE START/STOP button again.  Check that the Oil Pressure Warning Light has turned off.  Release the parking brake.  The transmission must be in PARK or NEUTRAL.  Press and hold the brake pedal while pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once.  The system starts the vehicle.  If the vehicle fails to start, the starter will disengage automatically after 10 seconds.  If you wish to stop the cranking of the engine prior to the engine starting, push the ENGINE START/STOP button again.