MANUAL PARK RELEASE — IF EQUIPPED In order to move the vehicle in cases where the transmission will not shift out of Park (P) (such as a depleted battery), a Manual Park Release is available.  See the following steps to use the Manual Park Release: Firmly apply the parking brake.  Using a small screwdriver or similar tool, remove the manual park release cover located in front of the gear selector, to access the release tether strap.  Manual park release cover fish the tether strap up through the opening in the console base.  Tether strap press and maintain firm pressure on the brake pedal.  Pull the tether strap until the release lever locks into place in the vertical position.  The vehicle is now out of PARK (P) and can be moved.  Release the parking brake only when the vehicle is securely connected to a tow vehicle.  Vertical Released Position WARNING: Always secure your vehicle by fully applying the parking brake before activating the Manual Park Release.  In addition, you should be seated in the driver’s seat with your foot firmly on the brake pedal when activating the Manual Park Release.  Activating the Manual Park Release will allow your vehicle to roll away if it is not secured by the parking brake, or by proper connection to a tow vehicle.  Activating the Manual Park Release on an unsecured vehicle could lead to serious injury or death for those in or around the vehicle.  To Reset The Manual Park Release: Pull upward on the tether strap, releasing it from the “locked” position.  Lower the Manual Park Release lever downward into its original position.  Original tether position tuck the tether strap into the base of the console, and reinstall the cover.  Extended Park Starting Install a battery charger or jumper cables to the battery to ensure a full battery charge during the crank cycle.  Press and hold the brake pedal while pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once.  If the engine fails to start within 10 seconds, place the ignition in the OFF position, wait 10 to 15 seconds to allow the starter to cool, then repeat the “Extended Park Starting” procedure.  If the engine fails to start after eight attempts, allow the starter to cool for at least 10 minutes, then repeat the procedure.  Note: Extended Park condition occurs when the vehicle has not been started or driven for at least 30 days.  CAUTION: To prevent damage to the starter, do not crank continuously for more than 10 seconds at a time.  Wait 10 to 15 seconds before trying again.