This warning light will indicate when the Electronic Stability Control system is Active.  The ESC Indicator Light in the instrument cluster will come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position, and when ESC is activated.  It should go out with the engine running.  If the ESC Indicator Light comes on continuously with the engine running, a malfunction has been detected in the ESC system.  If this warning light remains on after several ignition cycles, and the vehicle has been driven several miles (kilometers) at speeds greater than 30 mph (48 km/h), see an authorized dealer as soon as possible to have the problem diagnosed and corrected.  This warning light indicates the Electronic Stability Control (ESC) is off.  The ESC OFF Indicator Light indicates that the Electronic Stability Control (ESC) is in a reduced mode.  This warning light monitors the ABS.  The light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  If the ABS Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the anti-lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and that service is required.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally if the ABS Warning Light is on.  The behavior of Electronic Stability Control while in Off Road+ varies depending on the 4WD status.  If the vehicle is in 4WD High, Traction Control is automatically turned off.  Also, holding the ESC OFF button for five seconds will turn off ESC.  In 4WD Low, Electronic Stability Control automatically shuts off regardless of the Off Road Status.  The red Brake System Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  If the stabilizer/sway bar will not return to on-road mode, the Sway Bar Indicator Light will flash in the instrument cluster and vehicle stability may be reduced.  Do not attempt to drive the vehicle over 18 mph (29 km/h).  Driving faster than 18 mph (29 km/h) with a disconnected stabilizer/sway bar may contribute to the loss of vehicle control, which could result in serious injury.  The ESC Activation/Malfunction Indicator Light in the instrument cluster will come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode.  It should go out with the engine running.  If the ESC Activation/Malfunction Indicator Light comes on continuously with the engine running, a malfunction has been detected in the ESC system.  If this light remains on after several ignition cycles, and the vehicle has been driven several miles (kilometers) at speeds greater than 30 mph (48 km/h), see an authorized dealer as soon as possible to have the problem diagnosed and corrected.  This warning light will turn on when there's a fault with the EPS system