PARKING BRAKE Before exiting the vehicle, make sure that the parking brake is fully applied.  Also, be certain to leave an automatic transmission in PARK, or manual transmission in REVERSE or FIRST gear.  The parking brake lever is located in the center console.  To apply the parking brake, pull the lever up as firmly as possible.  To release the parking brake, pull the lever up slightly, push the center button, then lower the lever completely.  When the parking brake is applied with the ignition switch ON, the Brake Warning Light in the instrument cluster will illuminate.  When parking on a hill, it is important to turn the front wheels toward the curb on a downhill grade and away from the curb on an uphill grade.  For vehicles equipped with an automatic transmission, apply the parking brake before placing the gear selector in PARK, otherwise the load on the transmission locking mechanism may make it difficult to move the gear selector out of PARK.  Note: When the parking brake is applied and the automatic transmission is placed in gear, the Brake Warning Light will flash.  If vehicle speed is detected, a chime will sound to alert the driver.  Fully release the parking brake before attempting to move the vehicle.  This light only shows that the parking brake is applied.  It does not show the degree of brake application.  WARNING: Never use the PARK position on an automatic transmission as a substitute for the parking brake.  Always apply the parking brake fully when parked to guard against vehicle movement and possible injury or damage.  When exiting the vehicle, always remove the key fob from the vehicle and lock your vehicle.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle, or in a location accessible to children.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.  Be sure the parking brake is fully disengaged before driving; failure to do so can lead to brake failure and a collision.  Always fully apply the parking brake when leaving your vehicle or it may roll and cause damage or injury.  Also, be certain to leave an automatic transmission in PARK, a manual transmission in REVERSE or FIRST gear.  Failure to do so may cause the vehicle to roll and cause damage or injury.  CAUTION: If the Brake Warning Light remains on with the parking brake released, a brake system malfunction is indicated.  Have the brake system serviced by an authorized dealer immediately.