The charging system is independent from load reduction.  The charging system performs a diagnostic on the charging system continuously.  If the Battery Charge Warning Light is on it may indicate a problem with the charging system This warning light will illuminate when the battery is not charging properly.  If it stays on while the engine is running, there may be a malfunction with the charging system.  Contact an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Red Warning Lights Air Bag Warning Light "⇨Air Bag Warning Light" Brake Warning Light "⇨Brake Warning Light" Battery Charge Warning Light "⇨Battery Charge Warning Light" Door Open Warning Light "⇨Door Open Warning Light" Electric Power Steering (EPS) Fault Warning Light "⇨Electric Power Steering (EPS) Fault Warning Light" Electronic Throttle Control (ETC) Warning Light "⇨Electronic Throttle Control (ETC) Warning Light" Engine Coolant Temperature Warning Light "⇨Engine Coolant Temperature Warning Light" Hood Open Warning Light "⇨Hood Open Warning Light" Oil Pressure Warning Light "⇨Oil Pressure Warning Light" Oil Temperature Warning Light "⇨Oil Temperature Warning Light" Seat Belt Reminder Warning Light "⇨Seat Belt Reminder Warning Light" Rear Seat Belt Reminder Warning Light "⇨Rear Seat Belt Reminder Indicator Light — If Equipped With A Base Instrument Cluster" Transmission Temperature Warning Light "⇨Transmission Temperature Warning Light — If Equipped" Vehicle Security Warning Light "⇨Vehicle Security Warning Light — If Equipped" This warning light will illuminate to signal a fault with the 4WD system.  If the light stays on or comes on during driving, it means that the 4WD system is not functioning properly and that service is required.  It is recommend you drive to the nearest service center and have the vehicle serviced immediately.  With extended use the Hazard Warning Flashers may wear down your battery.  The Air Bag Warning Light will turn on for four to eight seconds as a bulb check when the ignition switch is first placed in the ON/RUN position.  If the light is either not on during starting, stays on, or turns on while driving, have the system inspected at an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  This light will illuminate with a single chime when a fault with the Air Bag Warning Light has been detected, it will stay on until the fault is removed.  If the light comes on intermittently or remains on while driving, have an authorized dealer service the vehicle immediately This warning light monitors various brake functions, including brake fluid level and parking brake application.  If the brake light turns on it may indicate that the parking brake is applied, that the brake fluid level is low, or that there is a problem with the Anti-Lock Brake System reservoir.  This warning light will illuminate when the Stop/Start system is not functioning properly and service is required.  Contact an authorized dealer for service.  This warning light will turn on when there's a fault with the EPS system The ORC turns on the Air Bag Warning Light in the instrument panel for approximately four to eight seconds for a self-check when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  After the self-check, the Air Bag Warning Light will turn off.  If the ORC detects a malfunction in any part of the system, it turns on the Air Bag Warning Light, either momentarily or continuously.  A single chime will sound to alert you if the light comes on again after initial startup.