Fluid Level Check Check the fluid level by removing the fill plug.  The fluid level should be between the bottom of the fill hole and a point not more than 3/16 of an inch (4.76 mm) below the bottom of the hole.  Add fluid, if necessary, to maintain the proper level.  Fluid Level Check The fluid level should be to the bottom edge of the fill hole when the vehicle is in a level position.  Fluid Level Check — Brake Master Cylinder The fluid level of the master cylinder should be checked whenever the vehicle is serviced, or immediately if the Brake System Warning Light is on.  If necessary, add fluid to bring level within the designated marks on the side of the reservoir of the brake master cylinder.  Be sure to clean the top of the master cylinder area before removing cap.  With disc brakes, fluid level can be expected to fall as the brake pads wear.  Brake fluid level should be checked when pads are replaced.  If the brake fluid is abnormally low, check the system for leaks.  For further information WARNING: Use only manufacturer recommended brake fluid Using the wrong type of brake fluid can severely damage your brake system and/or impair its performance.  The proper type of brake fluid for your vehicle is also identified on the original factory installed hydraulic master cylinder reservoir.  To avoid contamination from foreign matter or moisture, use only new brake fluid or fluid that has been in a tightly closed container.  Keep the master cylinder reservoir cap secured at all times.  Brake fluid in a open container absorbs moisture from the air resulting in a lower boiling point.  This may cause it to boil unexpectedly during hard or prolonged braking, resulting in sudden brake failure.  This could result in a collision.  Overfilling the brake fluid reservoir can result in spilling brake fluid on hot engine parts, causing the brake fluid to catch fire.  Brake fluid can also damage painted and vinyl surfaces, care should be taken to avoid its contact with these surfaces.  Do not allow petroleum based fluid to contaminate the brake fluid.  Brake seal components could be damaged, causing partial or complete brake failure.  This could result in a collision.