Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver and ratchet, loosen the Torx head fasteners located on the underside of each door hinge (two per door), and remove the fasteners by pulling downward.  Step One The fasteners will not fall out once completely loose, as they are held in place by design.  Step One Lift the frame upward, removing it from the vehicle.  Step Two Store the fasteners in a secure location.  Repeat the procedure on the front door frame.  Install the front door frame first.  Ensure the windshield is in the “up” position.  Carefully place the front door frame in the rubber seal at the top of the windshield, and line up the holes for the Torx head fasteners (two for each door).  Swing the frame bracket around the side of the door frame, and insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the following table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.  Tighten Fasteners Target Torque Specification For Torx Fasteners Maximum Minimum 44.2 in-lb (5 N·m) 53.1 in-lb (6 N·m) 35.4 in-lb (4 N·m) Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  You can strip the fasteners if they are overtightened.  Set the rear door frame pin into the hole on top of the body side, just behind the rear door opening.  Carefully position the top of the door frame onto the rear belt rail and the rear of the front door frame, making sure the rubber seals lie flat.  Ensure the seals are installed correctly to avoid water leaks.  Step Five Step Five Insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the previous table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.  Opening a door or lowering a window while the top is wet may allow water to drip into the vehicle's interior.  Careless handling and storage of the removable door frame(s) may damage the seals, causing water to leak into the vehicle's interior.  The door frame(s) must be positioned properly to ensure sealing.  Improper installation can cause water to leak into the vehicle's interior.  The rear door frames must be removed first, followed by the front door frames.  Loosen (do not remove) the four bolts on the door hinges using the provided #T50 Torx head driver.  Hinge Bolt Locations Do not adjust the body mounted hinges, or any part of the door latch, as modifications to these parts will affect installation of the full door.  With the bolts loose, the door can be moved forward by pushing the door handle toward the front of the vehicle, and/or upward by grabbing the door handle and lifting towards the roof.  Once the gaps between the door and vehicle body are uniform around the entire door, tighten the door hinge bolts to 20.3 ft· lb / 27.5 N·m (Max Torque: 27.3 ft· lb / 37 N·m).  Lift upward on each section of the seat bottom.  Lift From Beneath Seat (Left Side Shown) Raise the seat bottom upward into the Stadium Position.  Stadium Position If the door frames are installed from soft top usage, they must be removed prior to installation of the hard top If your vehicle is equipped with a soft top, the top must be lowered "⇨lowering the soft top" , and the door frames must be removed "⇨door frame — if equipped with a soft top" prior to lowering the windshield.  If your vehicle is equipped with a hard top, the freedom panels must be removed prior to lowering the windshield.  Determine which door is affected.  Open the affected door and hold a dollar-size piece of paper along the top of the door opening against the vehicle near where the leak/noise was observed.  Make sure half of the paper is above the area where the door seal contacts the door opening, while the other half is below.  Close the door on the paper, then pull the paper upward.  If the paper moves with little to no effort, the upper half-door will need to be adjusted in that area to increase seal compression.  Performing A Paper Test Push Upward On Middle Of Upper Half Door To Remove