Door Off Mirror Kit — If Equipped If equipped with the Door Off Mirror Kit, exterior rearview mirrors can be installed on to the upper body door hinges after the front doors have been removed.  To install the Door Off Mirrors, proceed as follows: Remove both front doorsRemove the cowl bolt closest to the door opening using a #40 Torx head driver, and store in a safe location.  Cowl bolt location push the mirror bracket forward onto the a-pillar, making sure to align the bottom of the bracket with the upper door hinge, and the hole from the removed cowl bolt.  Push bracket onto a-pillar place the bracket bushing behind the mirror bracket (over the cowl bolt hole), then insert the bracket bolt into the mirror bracket, through the bracket bushing.  Attaching mirror bracket to the vehicle 1 — bracket bushing 2 — bracket bolt insert the hinge shoulder bolt through the bottom of the upper door hinge up into the mirror bracket, then rotate the bracket knob toward the rear of the vehicle to secure the mirror bracket to the a-pillar.  Attaching mirror bracket to the vehicle 1 — bracket knob 2 — hinge shoulder bolt tighten both the bracket bolt and the hinge shoulder bolt with a #40 torx head driver.  Recommended torque specification for the bracket bolt is 6 ft-lb (8 N·m), and 7.5 ft-lb (10 N·m) for the hinge shoulder bolt.  Lower the mirror assembly onto the mirror bracket.  Lower mirror assembly onto bracket insert the three mirror screws into the mirror assembly, and tighten into the mirror bracket using a #30 torx head driver.  Recommended torque specification for the mirror screws is 4 ft-lb (5.5 N·m).  Mirror screw locations repeat the steps on the other side of the vehicle.  WARNING: All occupants must wear seat belts during off-road operation with doors removed.  For off-road driving tips, see Do not store detached doors inside of the vehicle, as they may fly around and cause personal injury or death in the event of a sudden stop, rough terrain, or a collision.  Note: If this kit is being installed with the optional lamp bracket, the bracket bushing from step 4 is not needed.  Use the spacer from the lamp bracket.