ENGINE BREAK-IN RECOMMENDATIONS — GASOLINE ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) A long break-in period is not required for the engine and drivetrain (transmission and axle) in your vehicle.  Drive moderately during the first 300 miles (500 km).  After the initial 60 miles (100 km), speeds up to 50 or 55 mph (80 or 90 km/h) are desirable.  While cruising, brief full-throttle acceleration within the limits of local traffic laws contributes to a good break-in.  Wide-open throttle acceleration in low gear can be detrimental and should be avoided.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant.  Oil changes should be consistent with anticipated climate conditions under which vehicle operations will occur.  For the recommended viscosity and quality grades see CAUTION: Never use Non-Detergent Oil or Straight Mineral Oil in the engine or damage may result.  Note: A new engine may consume some oil during its first few thousand miles (kilometers) of operation.  This should be considered a normal part of the break-in and not interpreted as a problem.  Connected Services Send & Go FAQs — If Equipped How long does it take to send the route and destination to my vehicle?  Depending on various conditions, it can take up to three minutes for the request to get through to your vehicle.  Can I cancel a route I sent to my vehicle?  Yes, once you enter your vehicle, and start the engine, the pop-up message stating that you have a new route will appear.  There is an exit button on the pop-up that will cancel the route if selected.  Can I select a different route than the most recent one I sent to my vehicle?  Yes, once you enter the vehicle, and start the engine, the pop-up message offers a “Locations” option.  Once “Locations” is selected, you can choose from a list of recently sent destinations.  Power-Up After switching the ignition key from OFF to either the ON/RUN or ACC position, or after a language change, you must wait at least 15 seconds prior to using the system