ENGINE BREAK-IN RECOMMENDATIONS — DIESEL ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) The diesel engine does not require a break-in period due to its construction.  Normal operation is allowed, providing the following recommendations are followed: Warm up the engine before placing it under load.  Do not operate the engine at idle for prolonged periods.  Use the appropriate transmission gear to prevent engine lugging.  Observe vehicle oil pressure and temperature indicators.  Check the coolant and oil levels frequently.  Vary throttle position at highway speeds when carrying or towing significant weight.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant.  Oil changes should be consistent with anticipated climate conditions under which vehicle operations will occur.  For recommended viscosity and quality grades NON-DETERGENT OR STRAIGHT MINERAL OILS MUST NEVER BE USED.  Note: Light duty operation such as light trailer towing or no load operation will extend the time before the engine is at full efficiency.  Reduced fuel economy and power may be seen at this time.  ENGINE BREAK-IN RECOMMENDATIONS — GASOLINE ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) A long break-in period is not required for the engine and drivetrain (transmission and axle) in your vehicle.  Drive moderately during the first 300 miles (500 km).  After the initial 60 miles (100 km), speeds up to 50 or 55 mph (80 or 90 km/h) are desirable.  While cruising, brief full-throttle acceleration within the limits of local traffic laws contributes to a good break-in.  Wide-open throttle acceleration in low gear can be detrimental and should be avoided.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant.  Oil changes should be consistent with anticipated climate conditions under which vehicle operations will occur.  For the recommended viscosity and quality grades see CAUTION: Never use Non-Detergent Oil or Straight Mineral Oil in the engine or damage may result.  Note: A new engine may consume some oil during its first few thousand miles (kilometers) of operation.  This should be considered a normal part of the break-in and not interpreted as a problem.  FUEL REQUIREMENTS – DIESEL ENGINE Federal law requires that you must fuel this vehicle with Ultra Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (15 ppm Sulfur maximum) and prohibits the use of Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (500 ppm Sulfur maximum) to avoid damage to the emissions control system.  Use good quality diesel fuel from a reputable supplier in your vehicle.  For most year-round service, Number 2 diesel fuel meeting ASTM (formerly known as the American Society for Testing and Materials) specification D-975 Grade S15 will provide good performance.  If the vehicle is exposed to extreme cold (below 20°F or -7°C), or is required to operate at colder-than-normal conditions for prolonged periods, use climatized Number 2 diesel fuel or dilute the Number 2 diesel fuel with 50% Number 1 diesel fuel.  This will provide better protection from fuel gelling or wax-plugging of the fuel filters.  Diesel fuel is seldom completely free of water.  To prevent fuel system trouble, drain the accumulated water from the fuel/water separator using the fuel/water separator drain provided on the fuel filter housing.  If you buy good quality fuel and follow the listed cold weather recommendations, fuel conditioners should not be required in your vehicle.  If available in your area, a high cetane “premium” diesel fuel may offer improved cold-starting and warm-up performance.  WARNING: Do not use alcohol or gasoline as a fuel blending agent.  They can be unstable under certain conditions and hazardous or explosive when mixed with diesel fuel.  CAUTION: If the Water in Fuel Indicator Light remains on, DO NOT START engine before you drain the water from the fuel filter(s) to avoid engine damage