The Driver Assist menu displays the status of the ACC system.  Push and release the up or down arrow button until the driver assist menu is displayed in the instrument cluster display.  Simply push the ASSIST button in the vehicle and you will be presented with your ASSIST options on the touchscreen.  Make your selection by pressing the touchscreen.  When the Safety/Driving Assistance button is selected on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to the vehicle’s safety settings.  These options will differ depending on the features equipped on the vehicle.  The settings may display in list form or within subfolders on the screen.  To access a subfolder, select the desired folder; the available options related to that feature will then display on the screen.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  If equipped, vehicles with an ASSIST and an SOS button are connected vehicles.  These buttons will be located on either the rearview mirror or overhead console, depending on the vehicle.  If these buttons are present in your vehicle, you have a connected radio and can take advantage of the many connected vehicle features.  If equipped, the ASSIST Button is used for contacting Roadside Assistance, Vehicle Care, Uconnect Care, and SiriusXM Guardian™ Customer Care.  The SOS Call button connects you directly to SiriusXM Guardian™ Customer Care for assistance in an emergency.  The light located within the ASSIST and SOS buttons will continuously be illuminated red.  The Device Screen will display the following message “Vehicle device requires service.  Please contact an authorized dealer.” An In-Vehicle Audio message will state “Vehicle device requires service.  Please contact an authorized dealer.” With SiriusXM Guardian™, your vehicle has onboard assistance features located on the rearview mirror or overhead console designed to enhance your driving experience if you should ever need assistance or support.  Favorite Menus Speedometer Vehicle Info Off Road — If Equipped (show/hide) Driver Assist — If Equipped (show/hide) Fuel Economy (show/hide) Trip Info (show/hide) Stop / Start — If Equipped Audio (show/hide) Messages Screen Setup Vehicle Settings — If Equipped What is the phone number for roadside assistance call?  The phone number is: US: 1-800-521-2779 Canada: 1-800-363-4869 If I am subscribed to SiriusXM Guardian™, does it cover towing or other expenses incurred by using roadside assistance?  No, however your new vehicle may include Roadside Assistance Call services.