The steering wheel contains a heating element that helps warm your hands in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel has only one temperature setting.  Once the heated steering wheel has been turned on, it will stay on until the operator turns it off.  The heated steering wheel may not turn on when it is already warm.  Press the heated steering wheel button once to turn the heating element on.  Press the heated steering wheel button a second time to turn the heating element off.  Setting Name Description Auto-On Driver Heated/Ventilated Seat & Heated Steering Wheel With Vehicle Start This setting will activate the vehicle’s comfort system and heated seats or heated steering wheel when the vehicle is remote started or ignition is started.  The “Off” setting will not activate the comfort systems.  The “Remote Start” setting will only activate the comfort systems when using Remote Start.  The “All Start” setting will activate the comfort systems whenever the vehicle is started.  The heated steering wheel button is located on the center of the instrument panel below the radio screen, and within the Climate or Controls screen of the touchscreen.  The engine must be running for the heated steering wheel to operate.  Persons who are unable to feel pain to the skin because of advanced age, chronic illness, diabetes, spinal cord injury, medication, alcohol use, exhaustion, or other physical conditions must exercise care when using the steering wheel heater.  It may cause burns even at low temperatures, especially if used for long periods.  Do not place anything on the steering wheel that insulates against heat, such as a blanket or steering wheel covers of any type and material.  This may cause the steering wheel heater to overheat.  When Remote Start is activated, the front and rear defrost will automatically turn on in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel and driver heated seat feature will also turn on if programmed in the Comfort menu screen within Uconnect Settings The heated seat control buttons are located on the center instrument panel below the touchscreen and also in the Climate Control touchscreen menu.  The engine must be running for the heated seats to operate.  The level of heat selected will stay on until the operator changes it.  Heated Seat/Vented Seats/Heated Wheel Rear Defroster And Heated Mirrors HVAC System 115 Volt AC Power Inverter System Audio and Telematics System