Secondary Battery Your vehicle may be equipped with a secondary battery used to power the Stop/Start system and the 12 Volt vehicle electrical system.  The secondary battery is located behind the wheel well for the front passenger wheel.  Maintenance-Free Battery Your vehicle is equipped with a maintenance-free battery.  You will never have to add water, and periodic maintenance is not required.  WARNING: Battery fluid is a corrosive acid solution and can burn or even blind you.  Do not allow battery fluid to contact your eyes, skin, or clothing.  Do not lean over a battery when attaching clamps.  If acid splashes in eyes or on skin, flush the area immediately with large amounts of water Battery gas is flammable and explosive.  Keep flame or sparks away from the battery.  Do not use a booster battery or any other booster source with an output greater than 12 Volts.  Do not allow cable clamps to touch each other.  Battery posts, terminals, and related accessories contain lead and lead compounds.  Wash hands after handling.  Vehicles with the Stop/Start system will be equipped with two batteries.  Both the main and the supplemental batteries must be disconnected to completely de-energize the 12 Volt electrical system.  Serious injury or death could result if you do not disconnect both batteries.  To learn how to properly disconnect, see an authorized dealer.  CAUTION: It is essential when replacing the cables on the battery that the positive cable is attached to the positive post and the negative cable is attached to the negative post.  Battery posts are marked positive (+) and negative (-) and are identified on the battery case.  Cable clamps should be tight on the terminal posts and free of corrosion.  If a “fast charger” is used while the battery is in the vehicle, disconnect both vehicle battery cables before connecting the charger to the battery.  Do not use a “fast charger” to provide starting voltage.  Vehicles with the Stop/Start system will be equipped with two batteries.  Both the main and the supplemental batteries must be disconnected to completely de-energize the 12 Volt electrical system.  If the negative battery cables are not isolated properly it can cause a potential power spike or surge in the system, resulting in damage to essential electrical components.