If the light remains on when the parking brake has been disengaged, and the fluid level is at the full mark on the master cylinder reservoir, it indicates a possible brake hydraulic system malfunction or that a problem with the Brake Booster has been detected by the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) / Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system.  In this case, the light will remain on until the condition has been corrected.  If the problem is related to the brake booster, the ABS pump will run when applying the brake, and a brake pedal pulsation may be felt during each stop.  If the Brake Warning Light remains on with the parking brake released, a brake system malfunction is indicated.  Have the brake system serviced by an authorized dealer immediately.  This warning light monitors various brake functions, including brake fluid level and parking brake application.  If the brake light turns on it may indicate that the parking brake is applied, that the brake fluid level is low, or that there is a problem with the Anti-Lock Brake System reservoir.  When the parking brake is applied and the automatic transmission is placed in gear, the Brake Warning Light will flash.  If vehicle speed is detected, a chime will sound to alert the driver.  Fully release the parking brake before attempting to move the vehicle.  This light only shows that the parking brake is applied.  It does not show the degree of brake application.  The light also will turn on when the parking brake is applied with the ignition switch in the ON/RUN position.  Operation of the Brake Warning Light can be checked by turning the ignition switch from the OFF position to the ON/RUN position.  The light should illuminate for approximately two seconds.  The light should then turn off unless the parking brake is applied or a brake fault is detected.  If the light does not illuminate, have the light inspected by an authorized dealer.  When the parking brake is applied with the ignition switch ON, the Brake Warning Light in the instrument cluster will illuminate.  If the headlights or parking lights are left on after the ignition is placed in the OFF position, the vehicle will chime when the driver’s door is opened.  Vehicle parking brake is applied Stability event occurs Gear selector is moved out of DRIVE Engine overspeed occurs Clutch pedal is pressed (manual transmission only) Vehicle is operating at a low RPM (manual transmission only) Always apply the parking brake.  Press and hold the brake pedal while pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once.  A delay of the start of up to five seconds is possible under very cold conditions.  The “Wait to Start” telltale will be illuminated during the preheat process.  When the engine “Wait To Start” telltale turns off the engine will automatically crank.  If the Water in Fuel Indicator Light remains on, DO NOT START the engine before you drain the water from the fuel filters to avoid engine damage The system will automatically engage the starter to crank the engine.  If the vehicle fails to start, the starter will disengage automatically after 25 seconds.  If you wish to stop the cranking of the engine prior to the engine starting, push the ENGINE START/STOP button again.  Check that the Oil Pressure Warning Light has turned off.  release the parking brake