Tachometer Indicates the engine speed in revolutions per minute (RPM x 1000).  Do not operate the engine with the tachometer pointer in the red area.  Engine damage will occur.  Temperature Gauge The temperature gauge shows engine coolant temperature.  Any reading within the normal range indicates that the engine cooling system is operating satisfactorily.  The gauge pointer will likely indicate a higher temperature when driving in hot weather, up mountain grades, or when towing a trailer.  It should not be allowed to exceed the upper limits of the normal operating range.  A hot engine cooling system is dangerous.  You or others could be badly burned by steam or boiling coolant.  It is recommended that you call an authorized dealer for service if your vehicle overheats.  Driving with a hot engine cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H”, turn the engine off immediately and call an authorized dealer for service.  Instrument Cluster Display The instrument cluster display features a driver interactive display Fuel Gauge The pointer shows the level of fuel in the fuel tank when the ignition switch is in the ON/RUN position.  The fuel pump symbol points to the side of the vehicle where the fuel filler door is located Speedometer Indicates vehicle speed.  The temperature gauge shows engine coolant temperature.  Any reading within the normal range indicates that the engine cooling system is operating satisfactorily.  The gauge pointer will likely indicate a higher temperature when driving in hot weather, up mountain grades, or when towing a trailer.  It should not be allowed to exceed the upper limits of the normal operating range.  A hot engine cooling system is dangerous.  You or others could be badly burned by steam or boiling coolant.  It is recommended that you call an authorized dealer for service if your vehicle overheats.  Driving with a hot engine cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H”, turn the engine off immediately and call an authorized dealer for service.  Driving with a hot cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H,” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H” and you hear continuous chimes, turn the engine off immediately and call for service.  This warning light warns of an overheated engine condition.  If the engine coolant temperature is too high, this indicator will illuminate and a single chime will sound.  If the temperature reaches the upper limit, a continuous chime will sound for four minutes or until the engine is able to cool; whichever comes first.