Electronic Sway Bar Disconnect — If Equipped Your vehicle may be equipped with an electronic disconnecting stabilizer/sway bar.  This system allows greater front suspension travel in off-road situations.  This system is controlled by the SWAY BAR switch located on the instrument panel (to the right of the steering column).  Push the SWAY BAR switch to disconnect or connect the sway bar.  The Sway Bar Indicator Light (located in the instrument cluster) will illuminate when the bar is disconnected.  The Sway Bar Indicator Light will flash during activation transition, or when activation conditions are not met.  The stabilizer/sway bar should remain in on-road mode during normal driving conditions.  To disconnect the stabilizer/sway bar, shift to either 4H or 4L and push the SWAY BAR switch to obtain the off-road position The Sway Bar Indicator Light will flash until the stabilizer/sway bar has been fully disconnected.  To return to on-road mode, push the SWAY BAR switch again.  WARNING: Ensure the stabilizer/sway bar is reconnected before driving on hard surfaced roads or at speeds above 18 mph (29 km/h); a disconnected stabilizer/sway bar may contribute to the loss of vehicle control, which could result in serious injury.  Under certain circumstances, the front stabilizer/sway bar enhances vehicle stability and assists with vehicle control.  The system monitors vehicle speed and will attempt to reconnect the stabilizer/sway bar at speeds over 18 mph (29 km/h).  This is indicated by a flashing or solid Sway Bar Indicator Light.  Once vehicle speed is reduced below 14 mph (22 km/h), the system will once again attempt to return to off-road mode.  Note: The stabilizer/sway bar may be torque locked due to left and right suspension height differences.  This condition is due to driving surface differences or vehicle loading.  In order for the stabilizer/sway bar to disconnect/reconnect, the right and left halves of the bar must be aligned.  This alignment may require that the vehicle be driven onto level ground or rocked from side to side.  WARNING: If the stabilizer/sway bar will not return to on-road mode, the Sway Bar Indicator Light will flash in the instrument cluster and vehicle stability may be reduced.  Do not attempt to drive the vehicle over 18 mph (29 km/h).  Driving faster than 18 mph (29 km/h) with a disconnected stabilizer/sway bar may contribute to the loss of vehicle control, which could result in serious injury.  Sway Bar Fault Warning Light — If Equipped This light will illuminate when there is a fault in the sway bar disconnect system Sway Bar Indicator Light — If Equipped This indicator light will illuminate when the front sway bar is disconnected.