Important Safety Precautions Please pay close attention to the information in this section.  It tells you how to use your restraint system properly, to keep you and your passengers as safe as possible.  Here are some simple steps you can take to minimize the risk of harm from a deploying air bag: Children 12 years old and under should always ride buckled up in the rear seat of a vehicle with a rear seat.  A child who is not big enough to wear the vehicle seat belt properly must be secured in the appropriate child restraint or belt-positioning booster seat in a rear seating position If a child from 2 to 12 years old (not in a rear-facing child restraint) must ride in the front passenger seat, move the seat as far back as possible and use the proper child restraint Never allow children to slide the shoulder belt behind them or under their arm.  You should read the instructions provided with your child restraint to make sure that you are using it properly.  All occupants should always wear their lap and shoulder belts properly.  The driver and front passenger seats should be moved back as far as practical to allow the front air bags room to inflate.  Do not lean against the door or window.  If your vehicle has side air bags, and deployment occurs, the side air bags will inflate forcefully into the space between occupants and the door and occupants could be injured.  If the air bag system in this vehicle needs to be modified to accommodate a disabled person, see "⇨if you need assistance" for customer service contact information.  WARNING: Never place a rear-facing child restraint in front of an air bag.  A deploying passenger front air bag can cause death or serious injury to a child 12 years or younger, including a child in a rear-facing child restraint.  Never install a rear-facing child restraint in the front seat of a vehicle.  Only use a rear-facing child restraint in the rear seat.  If the vehicle does not have a rear seat, do not transport a rear-facing child restraint in that vehicle.