Possible Reasons The Engine Does Not Autostop Prior to engine shut down, the system will check many safety and comfort conditions to see if they are fulfilled.  In following situations the engine will not stop: driver’s seat belt is not buckled outside temperature is less than 10°f (–12°c) or greater than 109°f (43°c) actual cabin temperature is significantly different than temperature set on auto hvac hvac is set to full defrost mode engine has not reached normal operating temperature battery is discharged when driving in reverse hood is open transfer case is in 4l or n (neutral) driver's seat is not occupied or driver door is open vehicle is at high altitude the vehicle is on a steep grade forward gear is engaged steering angle is beyond threshold system fault is present hvac is set to max a/c it may be possible for the vehicle to be driven several times without the stop/start system going into a stop/start ready state under more extreme conditions of the items listed previously.  Engine Coolant Temperature Warning Light This warning light warns of an overheated engine condition.  If the engine coolant temperature is too high, this indicator will illuminate and a single chime will sound.  If the temperature reaches the upper limit, a continuous chime will sound for four minutes or until the engine is able to cool; whichever comes first.  If the light turns on while driving, safely pull over and stop the vehicle.  If the Air Conditioning (A/C) system is on, turn it off.  Also, shift the transmission into NEUTRAL and idle the vehicle.  If the temperature reading does not return to normal, turn the engine off immediately and call for service Possible Reasons The Engine Does Not Autostop Prior to engine shut down, the system will check many safety and comfort conditions to see if they are fulfilled.  Detailed information about the operation of the Stop/Start system may be viewed in the instrument cluster display Stop/Start Screen.  In the following situations, the engine will not stop: driver’s seat belt is not buckled driver’s door is not closed battery temperature is too warm or cold battery charge is low the vehicle is on a steep grade cabin heating or cooling is in process and an acceptable cabin temperature has not been achieved hvac is set to full defrost mode at a high blower speed hvac is set to max a/c engine has not reached normal operating temperature engine or exhaust temperature is too high the transmission is not in a forward gear hood is open transfer case is in 4l or n (neutral) brake pedal is not pressed with sufficient pressure accelerator pedal input vehicle speed threshold has not been achieved from previous autostop steering angle is beyond threshold acc is on and speed is set vehicle is at high altitude system fault is present it may be possible for the vehicle to be driven several times without the stop/start system going into a stop/start ready state under more extreme conditions of the items listed previously.