FOLDING WINDSHIELD The fold-down windshield on your vehicle is a structural element that can provide protection in some accidents.  The windshield also provides protection against weather, road debris and intrusion of small branches and other objects.  Do not drive your vehicle on-road with the windshield down, as you lose the protection this structural element provides.  If required for certain off-road uses, the windshield can be folded down.  However, the protection afforded by the windshield is then lost.  If you fold down the windshield, drive slowly and cautiously.  It is recommended that the speed of the vehicle be limited to 10 mph (16 km/h), with low range operation preferred if you are driving off-road with the windshield folded down.  Raise the windshield as soon as the task that required its removal is completed and before you return to on-road driving.  Both you and your passengers should wear seat belts at all times, on-road and off-road, regardless of whether the windshield is raised or folded down.  WARNING: Carefully follow these warnings to help protect against personal injury: Do not drive your vehicle on-road with the windshield down.  Do not drive your vehicle unless the windshield is securely fastened, either up or down.  Eye protection, such as goggles, should be worn at all times when the windshield is down.  Be sure that you carefully follow the instructions for raising the windshield.  Make sure that the folding windshield, windshield wipers, side bars, and all associated hardware and fasteners are correctly and tightly assembled before driving your vehicle.  Failure to follow these instructions may prevent your vehicle from providing you and your passengers’ protection in some accidents.  If you remove the doors, store them outside the vehicle.  In the event of an accident, a loose door may cause personal injury.  Raising The Windshield Release the strap that secured the windshield in the lowered position.  Raise the windshieldUsing the provided #T40 Torx head driver, reinstall the four Torx head fasteners located along the interior of the windshield (two on each side of the header trim).  Secure them until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Step three 1 — outer torx fasteners 2 — center torx fasteners reinstall the windshield wiper arms using the provided 15 mm socket.  First, align the tips of the blade to the “T” mark in the glass.  Then, while holding the arm in that position, reinstall the hex nut and tighten until snug.  Be careful not to overtighten.  Repeat for the other arm.  Reinstall the protective caps over the wiper arm hex bolts and push gently until they snap into place.  Step five 1 — hex bolt cover installed 2 — hex bolt cover removed note: make sure the windshield is raised prior to installing the tops.  Cleaning Instructions During windshield down applications, dust/dirt can accumulate in the cover and block the camera lens.  Use a microfiber cloth to clean the camera lens, module, and inside cover, being careful not to damage or scratch the module.