Half-Door Installation To install the front or rear half-doors, proceed as follows: Remove the full doors from the vehicle.  For front door removal, see For rear door removal, see Locate the upper and lower hinge pins on the lower half-door, and lower them into the body hinges on the vehicle.  Note: the upper hinge pin is longer, which can be used to assist in guiding the door into place during installation.  Lower half-door hinge pins insert the upper and lower hinge pin screws into the body hinges.  Tighten the screws using a #T50 Torx head driver to 3.8 ft· lb / 5.2 N·m.  Caution: do not close the door before reattaching the door check to the body.  Damage may occur to the door check.  Do not overtighten Torx fasteners, damage to the vehicle’s parts will occur.  Hinge pins can break if overtightened during door install (Max Torque: 6.0 ft· lb/8.1 N·m).  Attach the cloth strap of the lower half-door to the metal hook just inside the vehicle.  Cloth strap attachment 1 — metal hook 2 — cloth strap connect the wiring harness on the lower half-door to the connection just inside the vehicle.  Note: for front doors, make sure the wiring harness is closed completely.  Front door wiring harness 1 — open wiring harness 2 — closed wiring harness replace wiring access doors.  When the half-doors are shipped with the vehicle, the lower half-doors will have plugs in the post holes that must be removed prior to upper half-door installation.  To remove these plugs, proceed as follows: locate the service hole in the center of each plug of the lower half-door (two on each front and rear door).  Place a tool (hook tool or trim stick is recommended) in the service hole.  Place tool into service hole of plug to remove using the tool, slowly pull upwards from the center of the plug to remove.  Making sure the window on the upper half-door is completely zipped closed, insert the upper half-door into the lower half-door by placing the posts into the post holes.  Lower the upper half-door into post holes push down firmly on the inside of the upper half-door until it is fully seated in the lower half.  Push Down To Fully Seat Upper Half-Door