Soft sand is very difficult to travel through with full tire pressure.  When crossing soft, sandy spots in a trail, maintain your vehicle's momentum and do not stop.  The key to driving in soft sand is using the appropriate tire pressure, accelerating slowly, avoiding abrupt maneuvers and maintaining the vehicle's momentum.  If you are going to be driving on large soft sandy areas or dunes, reduce your tire pressure to a minimum of 15 psi (103 kPa) to allow for a greater tire surface area.  Reduced tire pressure will drastically improve your traction and handling while driving on the soft sand, but you must return the tires to normal air pressure before driving on pavement or other hard surfaces.  Be sure you have a way to reinflate the tires prior to reducing the pressure.  You will encounter many types of terrain driving off-road.  You should be familiar with the terrain and area before proceeding.  There are many types of surface conditions: hard-packed dirt, gravel, rocks, grass, sand, mud, snow and ice.  Every surface has a different effect on your vehicle's steering, handling and traction.  Controlling your vehicle is one of the keys to successful off-road driving, so always keep a firm grip on the steering wheel and maintain a good driving posture.  Avoid sudden accelerations, turns or braking.  In most cases, there are no road signs, posted speed limits or signal lights.  Therefore, you will need to use your own good judgment on what is safe and what is not.  When on a trail, you should always be looking ahead for surface obstacles and changes in terrain.  The key is to plan your future driving route while remembering what you are currently driving over.  If your vehicle becomes stuck in mud, sand or snow, it can often be moved using a rocking motion.  Turn the steering wheel right and left to clear the area around the front wheels.  For vehicles with automatic transmission, push and hold the lock button on the gear selector.  Then, shift back and forth between DRIVE (D) and REVERSE (R) (with automatic transmission) or SECOND (2) gear and REVERSE (R) (with manual transmission), while gently pressing the accelerator.  Use the least amount of accelerator pedal pressure that will maintain the rocking motion, without spinning the wheels or racing the engine.  When stuck in mud, sand, snow, or ice conditions, do not spin your vehicle's wheels above 30 mph (48 km/h), or for longer than 30 seconds continuously without stopping.