To Arm The System Follow these steps to arm the Vehicle Security system: Make sure the vehicle’s ignition is placed in the OFF position.  Perform one of the following methods to lock the vehicle: push the lock button on the interior power door lock switch with the driver and/or passenger door open.  Push the lock button on the exterior Passive Entry door handle with a valid key fob available in the same exterior zone Push the lock button on the key fob.  If any doors are open, close them.  Note: The Vehicle Security system will not arm if you lock the doors using the manual door lock.  VEHICLE SECURITY SYSTEM — IF EQUIPPED The Vehicle Security system monitors the vehicle doors for unauthorized entry and the ignition switch for unauthorized operation.  When the system is activated, the interior switches for door locks are disabled.  The Vehicle Security system provides both audible and visible signals.  If something triggers the alarm, the Vehicle Security system will provide the following audible and visible signals: the horn will pulse, the parking lights and/or turn signals will flash, and the Vehicle Security Light in the instrument cluster will flash.  SENTRY KEY The Sentry Key Immobilizer system prevents unauthorized vehicle operation by disabling the engine.  The system does not need to be armed or activated.  Operation is automatic, regardless of whether the vehicle is locked or unlocked.  The system uses a key fob, keyless push button ignition and a Radio Frequency (RF) receiver to prevent unauthorized vehicle operation.  Therefore, only key fobs that are programmed to the vehicle can be used to start and operate the vehicle.  The system cannot reprogram a key fob obtained from another vehicle.  After placing the ignition switch in the ON/RUN position, the Vehicle Security Light will turn on for three seconds for a bulb check.  If the light remains on after the bulb check, it indicates that there is a problem with the electronics.  In addition, if the light begins to flash after the bulb check, it indicates that someone attempted to start the engine with an invalid key fob.  In the event that a valid key fob is used to start the engine but there is an issue with the vehicle electronics, the engine will start and shut off after two seconds.  If the Vehicle Security Light turns on during normal vehicle operation (vehicle running for longer than ten seconds), it indicates that there is a fault in the electronics.  Should this occur, have the vehicle serviced as soon as possible by an authorized dealer.  All of the key fobs provided with your new vehicle have been programmed to the vehicle electronics CAUTION: The Sentry Key Immobilizer system is not compatible with some aftermarket remote starting systems.  Use of these systems may result in vehicle starting problems and loss of security protection.  Note: A key fob that has not been programmed is also considered an invalid key.