Even if power steering assistance is no longer operational, it is still possible to steer the vehicle.  Under these conditions there will be a substantial increase in steering effort, especially at very low vehicle speeds and during parking maneuvers.  If the condition persists, see an authorized dealer for service.  If the “POWER STEERING HOT” message and an icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that extreme steering maneuvers may have occurred, which caused an over temperature condition in the power steering system.  You will lose power steering assistance momentarily until the over temperature condition no longer exists.  Once driving conditions are safe, pull over and let vehicle idle for a few moments until the light turns off Extreme steering maneuvers may cause the electrically driven pump to reduce or stop power steering assistance in order to prevent damage to the system.  Normal operation will resume once the system is allowed to cool.  If the “SERVICE POWER STEERING” message and a flashing icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that the vehicle needs to be taken to an authorized dealer for service.  It is likely the vehicle has lost power steering assistance Your vehicle is equipped with an Electro-Hydraulic Power Steering system that will provide increased vehicle response and ease of maneuverability.  If the Electro-Hydraulic Power Steering system experiences a fault that prevents it from providing power steering assist, then the system will provide mechanical steering capability.  In the event power assist is lost for any reason (i.e., repeated brake applications with the engine off) the brakes will still function.  However, the effort required to brake the vehicle will be much greater than that required with the power system operating.  If the stabilizer/sway bar will not return to on-road mode, the Sway Bar Indicator Light will flash in the instrument cluster and vehicle stability may be reduced.  Do not attempt to drive the vehicle over 18 mph (29 km/h).  Driving faster than 18 mph (29 km/h) with a disconnected stabilizer/sway bar may contribute to the loss of vehicle control, which could result in serious injury.  When front doors are removed, the message “Blind Spot Alert Temporarily Unavailable” will display in the instrument cluster display.  Power Mirrors and Power Door Locks will also be unavailable.  When the condition that deactivated the system is no longer present, the system will return to the “Adaptive Cruise Control Off” state and will resume function by simply reactivating it.  There may be situations where the Hill Start Assist (HSA) will not activate and slight rolling may occur, such as on minor hills or with a loaded vehicle, or while pulling a trailer.  HSA is not a substitute for active driving involvement.  It is always the driver’s responsibility to be attentive to distance to other vehicles, people, and objects, and most importantly brake operation to ensure safe operation of the vehicle under all road conditions.  Your complete attention is always required while driving to maintain safe control of your vehicle.  Failure to follow these warnings can result in a collision or serious personal injury.