Operation To activate AutoStick mode, move the gear selector into the MANUAL (M) position (beside the DRIVE position).  The current transmission gear will be displayed in the instrument cluster.  In AutoStick mode, you can use the gear selector (in the MANUAL position) to manually shift the transmission.  Tapping the gear selector forward (-) while in the MANUAL (M) position will downshift the transmission to the next lower gear.  Tapping the selector rearward (+) will command an upshift.  In AutoStick mode, the transmission will shift up or down when (+/-) is manually selected by the driver, unless an engine lugging or overspeed condition would result.  It will remain in the selected gear until another upshift or downshift is chosen, except as follows: The transmission will automatically downshift as the vehicle slows (to prevent engine lugging) and will display the current gear.  The transmission will automatically downshift to FIRST gear when coming to a stop.  After a stop, the driver should manually upshift (+) the transmission as the vehicle is accelerated.  You can start out, from a stop, in FIRST or SECOND gear (or THIRD gear, in 4L range).  Tapping (+) (at a stop) will allow starting in SECOND gear.  Starting out in SECOND or THIRD gear can be helpful in snowy or icy conditions.  If a requested downshift would cause the engine to overspeed, that shift will not occur.  The system will ignore attempts to upshift at too low of a vehicle speed.  Holding the gear selector in the (-) position will downshift the transmission to the lowest gear possible at the current speed.  Transmission shifting will be more noticeable when AutoStick is enabled.  The system may revert to automatic shift mode if a fault or overheat condition is detected.  To disengage AutoStick mode, return the gear selector to the DRIVE position.  You can shift in or out of the AutoStick position at any time without taking your foot off the accelerator pedal.  Note: When Hill Descent Control is enabled, AutoStick is not active.  WARNING: Do not downshift for additional engine braking on a slippery surface.  The drive wheels could lose their grip and the vehicle could skid, causing a collision or personal injury.