Door Frame Removal Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver and ratchet, loosen the Torx head fasteners located on the underside of each door hinge (two per door), and remove the fasteners by pulling downward.  Step one note: the fasteners will not fall out once completely loose, as they are held in place by design.  Step one lift the frame upward, removing it from the vehicle.  Step two store the fasteners in a secure location.  Repeat the procedure on the front door frame.  Note: The rear door frames must be removed first, followed by the front door frames.  WARNING: Do not drive your vehicle on public roads with the door and/or door frame(s) removed as you will lose the protection that they can provide.  This procedure is furnished for use during off-road operation only.  DOOR FRAME — IF EQUIPPED WITH A SOFT TOP WARNING: Do not drive your vehicle on public roads with the door frame(s) removed as you will lose the protection that they can provide.  This procedure is furnished for use during off-road operation only.  CAUTION: Failure to follow these cautions may cause interior water damage, stains or mildew: Opening a door or lowering a window while the top is wet may allow water to drip into the vehicle's interior.  Careless handling and storage of the removable door frame(s) may damage the seals, causing water to leak into the vehicle's interior.  The door frame(s) must be positioned properly to ensure sealing.  Improper installation can cause water to leak into the vehicle's interior.  If the door frames are installed from soft top usage, they must be removed prior to installation of the hard top To install the hard top, place the hard top on the vehicle while making sure that the top is sitting flush with the body at the sides and across the back.  Then follow the removal steps in reverse order.  The Torx head fasteners that attach the hard top to the body should be torqued to 155 in-lb +/- 22 in-lb (17.5 N·m +/- 2.5 N·m) using the provided #T50 Torx head driver and ratchet.  Note: Inspect the hard top seals for damage and replace if necessary.  Install the hard top using the same steps for removal in reverse order.  When reinstalling the interior soft trim panel: be sure the panel is centered so that there is an even gap on both sides.  Apply pressure over the hook-and-loop fasteners to ensure they are properly secured.  CAUTION: Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  Damage to the retainers will occur.