Closing To close the tailgate, lift upward until both sides latch into place.  CAUTION: After closing, pull back on the tailgate firmly to ensure it is securely latched.  Failure to securely latch the tailgate could result in damage to the vehicle or cargo.  Note: If the Tonneau Cover is installed, make sure the Tonneau Cover is fully closed before closing the tailgate.  Due to the presence of the Center High-Mounted Stop Lamp, removal of the tailgate is not recommended.  Opening To open the tailgate, pull the release handle located on the center of the tailgate and guide it to the lowered position.  The tailgate is dampened to provide a slower, more controlled lowering.  Three-Position Tailgate The vehicle’s tailgate can be set to three positions: open, mid, or closed.  The mid position can be used to provide a loading surface for transporting sheet goods.  To use the mid position, open the tailgate and lower it to near mid position.  Secure the tailgate in this position by looping the tailgate straps behind the circular retainer on both sides.  Ensure the tailgate strap is properly seated behind the circular retainer against the sides of the sheet metal.  When hauling cargo using the mid position and the tailgate, you must support the load at two forward locations: at the top of the rear wheelhouse (1) between the wheelhouse and the tailgate (2) chamfered boards in pickup box 1 — support location 1 2 — support location 2 note: failure to support the load at these two forward locations could result in damage.  Three 2x4 boards are needed to provide support at locations (1) and (2).  Each board will need to be cut to fit inside the pickup box.  The support at location (1) should be seated in the dedicated formation on top of the wheelhouses.  The support at location (2) should use the remaining two 2x4s.  Stack the boards and place them into the formation in the side wall of the pickup box.  The corners of the bottom board will need to be chamfered to fit.  Note: all cargo transported in the pickup box must be secured.  The maximum payload for the mid position is 300 lb (136 kg).