Blind Spot Monitoring (BSM) — If Equipped The BSM system uses two radar sensors, located inside the taillights, to detect highway licensable vehicles (automobiles, trucks, motorcycles, etc.)  that enter the blind spot zones from the rear/front/side of the vehicle.  When the vehicle is started, the BSM Warning Light will momentarily illuminate in both outside rearview mirrors to let the driver know that the system is operational.  The BSM system sensors operate when the vehicle is in any forward gear.  The BSM detection zone covers approximately one lane width on both sides of the vehicle 12 ft (3.8 m).  The zone starts at the outside rearview mirror and extends approximately 10 ft (3 m) beyond the rear fascia/bumper of the vehicle.  The BSM system monitors the detection zones on both sides of the vehicle when the vehicle speed reaches approximately 6 mph (10 km/h) or higher and will alert the driver of vehicles in these areas.  The BSM system can become blocked if snow, ice, mud, or other road contaminations accumulate on the rear fascia/bumper where the radar sensors are located.  The system may also detect a blockage if the vehicle is operated in areas with extremely low radar returns, such as a desert, or parallel to a large elevation drop.  If a blockage is detected, a “Blind Spot Temporarily Unavailable, Wipe Rear Corners” message will display in the instrument cluster, both mirror lights will illuminate, and BSM and RCP alerts will be disabled.  This is normal operation.  The system will automatically resume function when the condition clears.  To minimize system blockage, do not block the area of the rear fascia/bumper where the radar sensors are located with foreign objects (bumper stickers, bicycle racks, etc.)  and keep it clear of road contaminations.  The BSM system notifies the driver of objects in the detection zones by illuminating the BSM Warning Light located in the outside mirrors in addition to sounding an audible (chime) alert and reducing the radio volume.  See "⇨blind spot modes" for further information.  The BSM system monitors the detection zone from three different entry points (side, rear, front) while driving to see if an alert is necessary.  The BSM system will issue an alert during these types of zone entries.  Note: The BSM system DOES NOT alert the driver about rapidly approaching vehicles that are outside the detection zones.  The BSM system detection zone DOES NOT change if your vehicle is towing a trailer.  Therefore, visually verify the adjacent lane is clear for both your vehicle and trailer before making a lane change.  If the trailer or other object (i.e., bicycle, sports equipment) extends beyond the side of your vehicle, this may result in the BSM Warning Light remaining illuminated the entire time the vehicle is in a forward gear.  See "⇨uconnect settings" for more information.  The Blind Spot Monitoring (BSM) system may experience dropouts (blinking on and off) of the side mirror warning indicator lights when a motorcycle or any small object remains at the side of the vehicle for extended periods of time (more than a couple of seconds).