Transporting Pets Air Bags deploying in the front seat could harm your pet.  An unrestrained pet will be thrown about and possibly injured, or injure a passenger during panic braking or in a collision.  Pets should be restrained in the rear seat (if equipped) in pet harnesses or pet carriers that are secured by seat belts.  Washing Wash your vehicle regularly.  Always wash your vehicle in the shade using Mopar® Car Wash, or a mild car wash soap, and rinse the panels completely with water.  If insects, tar, or other similar deposits have accumulated on your vehicle, use Mopar® Super Kleen Bug and Tar Remover to remove.  Use a high quality cleaner wax, such as Mopar® Cleaner Wax, to remove road film and stains, and to protect your paint finish.  Use precautions to not scratch the paint.  Avoid using abrasive compounds and power buffing that may diminish the gloss or thin out the paint finish.  CAUTION: Do not use abrasive or strong cleaning materials, such as steel wool or scouring powder, that will scratch metal and painted surfaces.  Use of power washers exceeding 1,200 psi (8,274 kPa) can result in damage or removal of paint and decals.  STARTING THE ENGINE — GASOLINE ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) Before starting your vehicle, adjust your seat, adjust both inside and outside mirrors, and fasten your seat belts.  WARNING: When exiting the vehicle, always remove the key fob from the ignition and lock your vehicle.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle, or in a location accessible to children.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.  Do not leave children or animals inside parked vehicles in hot weather.  Interior heat build-up may cause serious injury or death.