Start using Uconnect Voice Recognition with these helpful quick tips.  It provides the key Voice Commands and tips you need to know to control your vehicle’s Voice Recognition (VR) system.  Your Uconnect Phone Voice system uses a Natural Language Voice Recognition (VR) engine.  Voice commands can be used to operate the Uconnect Phone and to navigate its menu structure.  Voice commands are required after most Uconnect Phone prompts.  There are two general methods for how Voice Command works: The following basic Voice Commands can be given at any point while using your Uconnect system.  Uconnect Phone allows you to transfer calls between the system and your mobile phone as you enter or exit your vehicle and enables you to mute the system's microphone for private conversation.  Uconnect Phone is a voice-activated, hands-free, in-vehicle communications system.  It allows you to dial a phone number with your mobile phone.  Uconnect Phone will automatically connect to the highest priority paired phone and/or Audio Device within range.  If you need to choose a particular phone or audio device follow these steps: uconnect can announce incoming text messages.  Push the vr button or phone button and say: the phone feature is driven through your bluetooth® “hands-free profile” mobile phone.  Uconnect features Bluetooth® technology — the global standard that enables different electronic devices to connect to each other without wires or a docking station.  Ensure you phone is turned on with Bluetooth® active and has been paired to the Uconnect system.  Up to 10 mobile phones or audio devices are allowed to be linked to the system.  Only one linked (or paired) mobile phone and one audio device can be used with the system at a time.  It is possible to have multiple devices connected to the Uconnect system.  For example, if using Android Auto™/Apple CarPlay®, the connected device will be used to place hands-free phone calls or send hands-free text messages.  However, another device can also be paired to the Uconnect system, via Bluetooth®, as an audio source, so the passenger can stream music.