Lumbar Support The Lumbar Support Control knob is located on the outboard side of the front driver seat.  Rotate the control forward to increase and rearward to decrease the desired amount of lumbar support.  Manual Seat Height Adjustment The driver's seat height can be raised or lowered by using the ratcheting handle, located on the outboard side of the seat.  Pull upward on the handle to raise the seat, push downward on the handle to lower the seat.  Several strokes may be necessary to achieve the desired position.  Adjustable Upper Shoulder Belt Anchorage In the driver and outboard front passenger seats, the top of the shoulder belt can be adjusted upward or downward to position the seat belt away from your neck.  Push or squeeze the anchorage button to release the anchorage, and move it up or down to the position that serves you best.  As a guide, if you are shorter than average, you will prefer the shoulder belt anchorage in a lower position, and if you are taller than average, you will prefer the shoulder belt anchorage in a higher position.  After you release the anchorage button, try to move it up or down to make sure that it is locked in position.  Note: The adjustable upper shoulder belt anchorage is equipped with an Easy Up feature.  This feature allows the shoulder belt anchorage to be adjusted in the upward position without pushing or squeezing the release button.  To verify the shoulder belt anchorage is latched, pull downward on the shoulder belt anchorage until it is locked into position.  WARNING: Wearing your seat belt incorrectly could make your injuries in a collision much worse.  You might suffer internal injuries, or you could even slide out of the seat belt.  Follow these instructions to wear your seat belt safely and to keep your passengers safe, too.  Position the shoulder belt across the shoulder and chest with minimal, if any slack so that it is comfortable and not resting on your neck.  The retractor will withdraw any slack in the shoulder belt.  Misadjustment of the seat belt could reduce the effectiveness of the safety belt in a crash.  Always make all seat belt height adjustments when the vehicle is stationary.