Do not open or close the Sunrider® top while driving.  Operating the top while driving could cause the driver to lose control of the vehicle.  Failure to follow this warning may result in serious injury or death.  Tilt/Telescoping Steering Column This feature allows you to tilt the steering column upward or downward.  It also allows you to lengthen or shorten the steering column.  The tilt/telescoping control is located below the steering wheel at the end of the steering column.  To unlock the steering column, push the control downward (toward the floor).  To tilt the steering column, move the steering wheel upward or downward as desired.  To lengthen or shorten the steering column, pull the steering wheel outward or push it inward as desired.  To lock the steering column in position, push the control upward until fully engaged.  WARNING: Do not adjust the steering column while driving.  Adjusting the steering column while driving or driving with the steering column unlocked, could cause the driver to lose control of the vehicle.  Failure to follow this warning may result in serious injury or death.  Safety Both underinflation and overinflation affect the stability of the vehicle and can produce a feeling of sluggish response or over responsiveness in the steering.  WARNING: Improperly inflated tires are dangerous and can cause collisions.  Underinflation increases tire flexing and can result in overheating and tire failure.  Overinflation reduces a tire's ability to cushion shock.  Objects on the road and chuckholes can cause damage that result in tire failure.  Overinflated or underinflated tires can affect vehicle handling and can fail suddenly, resulting in loss of vehicle control.  Unequal tire pressures can cause steering problems.  You could lose control of your vehicle.  Unequal tire pressures from one side of the vehicle to the other can cause the vehicle to drift to the right or left.  Always drive with each tire inflated to the recommended cold tire inflation pressure.  Note: Unequal tire pressures from side to side may cause erratic and unpredictable steering response.  Unequal tire pressure from side to side may cause the vehicle to drift left or right.