Brake/Transmission Shift Interlock (BTSI) System This vehicle is equipped with a BTSI system that holds the transmission gear selector in PARK unless the brakes are applied.  To shift the transmission out of PARK, the engine must be running and the brake pedal must be pressed.  The brake pedal must also be pressed to shift from NEUTRAL into DRIVE or REVERSE when the vehicle is stopped or moving at low speeds.  Ignition Park Interlock This vehicle is equipped with an Ignition Park Interlock system which requires the transmission to be in PARK before the ignition can be turned to the OFF position.  This helps the driver avoid inadvertently leaving the vehicle without placing the transmission in PARK.  This system also locks the transmission in PARK whenever the ignition is in the OFF position.  Note: The transmission is NOT locked in PARK when the ignition is in the ACC position (even though the engine will be off).  Ensure that the transmission is in park, and the ignition is off (not in acc position) before exiting the vehicle.  AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION — IF EQUIPPED You must press and hold the brake pedal while shifting out of PARK.  WARNING: Never use the PARK position as a substitute for the parking brake.  Always apply the parking brake fully when exiting the vehicle to guard against vehicle movement and possible injury or damage.  Your vehicle could move and injure you and others if it is not in PARK.  Check by trying to move the transmission gear selector out of PARK with the brake pedal released.  Make sure the transmission is in PARK before exiting the vehicle.  The transmission may not engage PARK if the vehicle is moving.  Always bring the vehicle to a complete stop before shifting to PARK, and verify that the transmission gear position indicator solidly indicates PARK (P) without blinking.  Ensure that the vehicle is completely stopped, and the PARK position is properly indicated, before exiting the vehicle.  It is dangerous to shift out of PARK or NEUTRAL if the engine speed is higher than idle speed.  If your foot is not firmly pressing the brake pedal, the vehicle could accelerate quickly forward or in reverse.  You could lose control of the vehicle and hit someone or something.  Only shift into gear when the engine is idling normally and your foot is firmly pressing the brake pedal.  Unintended movement of a vehicle could injure those in or near the vehicle.  As with all vehicles, you should never exit a vehicle while the engine is running.  Before exiting a vehicle, always come to a complete stop, then apply the parking brake, shift the transmission into PARK, and turn the ignition OFF.  When the ignition is in the OFF position, the transmission is locked in PARK, securing the vehicle against unwanted movement.  When exiting the vehicle, always make sure the ignition is in the OFF position, remove the key fob from the vehicle, and lock the vehicle.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the transmission gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle (or in a location accessible to children), and do not leave the ignition in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.  CAUTION: Shift into or out of PARK or REVERSE only after the vehicle has come to a complete stop.  Do not shift between PARK, REVERSE, NEUTRAL, or DRIVE when the engine is above idle speed.  Before shifting into any gear, make sure your foot is firmly pressing the brake pedal.