Brake System Warning Light The red Brake System Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  If the Brake System Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the brake system is not functioning properly and that immediate service is required.  If the Brake System Warning Light does not come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, have the light repaired as soon as possible.  Brake Warning Light This warning light monitors various brake functions, including brake fluid level and parking brake application.  If the brake light turns on it may indicate that the parking brake is applied, that the brake fluid level is low, or that there is a problem with the Anti-Lock Brake System reservoir.  If the light remains on when the parking brake has been disengaged, and the fluid level is at the full mark on the master cylinder reservoir, it indicates a possible brake hydraulic system malfunction or that a problem with the Brake Booster has been detected by the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) / Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system.  In this case, the light will remain on until the condition has been corrected.  If the problem is related to the brake booster, the ABS pump will run when applying the brake, and a brake pedal pulsation may be felt during each stop.  The dual brake system provides a reserve braking capacity in the event of a failure to a portion of the hydraulic system.  A leak in either half of the dual brake system is indicated by the Brake Warning Light, which will turn on when the brake fluid level in the master cylinder has dropped below a specified level.  The light will remain on until the cause is corrected.  If brake failure is indicated, immediate repair is necessary.  Vehicles equipped with the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) are also equipped with Electronic Brake Force Distribution (EBD).  In the event of an EBD failure, the Brake Warning Light will turn on along with the ABS Light.  Immediate repair to the ABS system is required.  Operation of the Brake Warning Light can be checked by turning the ignition switch from the OFF position to the ON/RUN position.  The light should illuminate for approximately two seconds.  The light should then turn off unless the parking brake is applied or a brake fault is detected.  If the light does not illuminate, have the light inspected by an authorized dealer.  The light also will turn on when the parking brake is applied with the ignition switch in the ON/RUN position.  Note: The light may flash momentarily during sharp cornering maneuvers, which change fluid level conditions.  The vehicle should have service performed, and the brake fluid level checked.  WARNING: Driving a vehicle with the red brake light on is dangerous.  Part of the brake system may have failed.  It will take longer to stop the vehicle.  You could have a collision.  Have the vehicle checked immediately.  Note: This light shows only that the parking brake is applied.  It does not show the degree of brake application.  Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) Warning Light The yellow ABS Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  If the ABS Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the anti-lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and that service is required.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally if the ABS Warning Light is on.  If the ABS Warning Light is on, the brake system should be serviced as soon as possible to restore the benefits of Anti-Lock Brakes.  If the ABS Warning Light does not come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, have the light repaired as soon as possible.