Upper Door Adjustment After installation of the half-doors, if water leaks or wind noise is observed, the seal of the upper half-door to the door opening may need to be adjusted.  To determine if the upper half-door needs to be adjusted, proceed as follows: Determine which door is affected.  Open the affected door and hold a dollar-size piece of paper along the top of the door opening against the vehicle near where the leak/noise was observed.  Make sure half of the paper is above the area where the door seal contacts the door opening, while the other half is below.  Close the door on the paper, then pull the paper upward.  If the paper moves with little to no effort, the upper half-door will need to be adjusted in that area to increase seal compression.  Performing A Paper Test There is another optional test that can be performed using a flashlight and the help of another person.  One person should be inside the vehicle, and move the flashlight around the periphery of the door seal, shining outward.  The other person should stand outside of the vehicle and check for light passing by the seal.  If light is seen through the seal area, the door will need to be adjusted.  To adjust the seal compression, proceed as follows: Open the door and lift the upper half-door up and away from the lower half.  Lay the upper half-door on a clean, dry surface.  Using an 8 mm open-end wrench (not provided), loosen the nut located inside the bottom of the upper half-door post, closest to where the “paper test” detected a gap.  Nut location inside bottom of post using a 3 mm allen wrench (not provided), rotate the screw on the side of the post counterclockwise (while holding the wrench on the loosened bolt) to increase the seal compression.  If needed, rotate clockwise to reduce seal compression.  Rotate screw for seal compression 1 — 3 mm allen wrench 2 — 8 mm open-end wrench tighten the nut inside the bottom of the post using the wrench and make sure the screw head is flush to the post.  Reinstall the upper half-door.  Screw head flush to post close the door and repeat the “paper test”.  Repeat the adjustment procedure if needed.  If needed, add the provided shim to a lower half-door pocket to seal the upper half-door to the roof: lift upper half-door up and away from lower half.  Clean the bottom of the door pocket.  Remove upper half-door & clean bottom of door pocket slide the shim onto a pencil or similar tool.  Remove the paper backing from the adhesive side of the shim and place the shim with pencil into the pocket.  Press the shim firmly to the bottom of the pocket, and remove the pencil once the shim is firmly in place.  Press shim firmly into bottom of pocket 1 — remove paper backing from shim 2 — slide pencil through hole in shim 3 — press pencil with shim into pocket replace upper half-door.  Note: If the compression is increased too much on the front upper corner of the rear doors, deformation of the seal will occur.