Recirculation Button Push the Recirculation button on the faceplate to change the system between recirculation mode and outside air mode.  The Recirculation indicator and the A/C indicator (if equipped) illuminate when the Recirculation button is pressed.  Recirculation can be used when outside conditions such as smoke, odors, dust, or high humidity are present.  Recirculation can be used in all modes except for Defrost.  Recirculation may be unavailable if conditions exist that could create fogging on the inside of the windshield.  The A/C can be deselected manually without disturbing the mode control selection.  Continuous use of the Recirculation mode may make the inside air stuffy and window fogging may occur.  Extended use of this mode is not recommended.  On systems with Manual Climate Controls, the Recirculation mode is not allowed in Defrost mode to improve window clearing operation.  Recirculation is disabled automatically if this mode is selected.  Attempting to use Recirculation while in this mode causes the LED on the control button to blink and then turn off.  Recirculation Button Press and release this button on the touchscreen, or push the button on the faceplate to change the system between recirculation mode and outside air mode.  The Recirculation indicator and the A/C indicator illuminate when the Recirculation button is pressed.  Recirculation can be used when outside conditions such as smoke, odors, dust, or high humidity are present.  Recirculation can be used in all modes Recirculation may be unavailable (button on the touchscreen grayed out) if conditions exist that could create fogging on the inside of the windshield.  The A/C can be deselected manually without disturbing the mode control selection.  Continuous use of the Recirculation mode may make the inside air stuffy and window fogging may occur.  Extended use of this mode is not recommended.  Recirculation mode may automatically adjust to optimize customer experience for warming, cooling, dehumidification, etc.  POWER WINDOWS — IF EQUIPPED The power windows feature allows for movement of the windows with the push of a button.  The power window switches are located on the instrument panel below the climate controls.  Push the switch downward to open the window and pull upward to close the window.  The top left switch controls the left front window and the top right switch controls the right front window.  The bottom left switch controls the left rear window and the bottom right switch controls the right rear window.  WARNING: Never leave children unattended in a vehicle, and do not let children play with power windows.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle, or in a location accessible to children.  Occupants, particularly unattended children, can become entrapped by the windows while operating the power window switches.  Such entrapment may result in serious injury or death.  Note: The power window switches will remain active for up to 10 minutes after the ignition is placed in the OFF position.  Opening either front door will cancel this feature.  There are window switches located on the rear of the center console for the rear passenger windows.