To Set A Desired Speed Turn the Cruise Control on.  When the vehicle has reached the desired speed, push the SET (+) or SET (-) button and release.  Release the accelerator and the vehicle will operate at the selected speed.  Note: The vehicle should be traveling at a steady speed and on level ground before pushing the SET (+) or SET (-) button.  To set a desired speed when the vehicle reaches the speed desired, push the set (+) button or the set (-) button and release.  The instrument cluster display will show the set speed.  If acc is set when the vehicle speed is below 20 mph (32 km/h), the set speed will default to 20 mph (32 km/h).  If either system is set when the vehicle speed is above 20 mph (32 km/h), the set speed shall be the current speed of the vehicle.  Note: Fixed Speed Cruise Control can be used without ACC enabled.  To change between the different modes, push the ACC on/off button which turns the ACC and the Fixed Speed Cruise Control off.  Pushing the Fixed Speed Cruise Control on/off button will result in turning on (changing to) Fixed Speed Cruise Control mode.  WARNING: In Fixed Speed Cruise Control mode (ACC not enabled), the system will not react to vehicles ahead.  In addition, the proximity warning does not activate and no alarm will sound even if you are too close to the vehicle ahead since neither the presence of the vehicle ahead nor the vehicle-to-vehicle distance is detected.  Be sure to maintain a safe distance between your vehicle and the vehicle ahead.  Always be aware which mode is selected.  Note: Fixed Speed Cruise Control cannot be set below 20 mph (32 km/h).  Note: Keeping your foot on the accelerator pedal can cause the vehicle to continue to accelerate beyond the set speed.  If this occurs, the message “DRIVER OVERRIDE” will display in the instrument cluster display.  If you continue to accelerate beyond the set speed while ACC is enabled, the system will not be controlling the distance between your vehicle and the vehicle ahead.  The vehicle speed will only be determined by the position of the accelerator pedal.  Cruise Control SET Indicator Light — If Equipped With A Premium Instrument Cluster This indicator light will illuminate when the cruise control is set to the desired speed