Emergency Gas Can Refueling Most gas cans will not open the flapper doors.  A funnel is provided to allow emergency refueling with a gas can.  See the following steps for refueling: Retrieve funnel from under the right rear seat.  Fuel funnel location refueling funnel remove the fuel filler cap and insert the funnel into same filler pipe opening as the fuel nozzle.  Inserting funnel ensure funnel is inserted fully to hold flapper doors open.  Pour fuel into funnel opening.  Caution: to avoid fuel spillage and overfilling, do not “top off” the fuel tank after filling.  Remove funnel from filler pipe, clean off prior to putting back in the spare tire storage area.  Tighten the fuel filler cap until clicking is heard.  This is an indication the cap is properly tightened.  WARNING: Never have any smoking materials lit in or near the vehicle when the fuel door is open or the tank is being filled.  Never add fuel when the engine is running.  This is in violation of most state and federal fire regulations and may cause the Malfunction Indicator Light to turn on.  A fire may result if fuel is pumped into a portable container that is inside of a vehicle.  You could be burned.  Always place fuel containers on the ground while filling.  REFUELING THE VEHICLE — GASOLINE ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) Oil Pressure Warning Light This warning light will illuminate, and a chime will sound, to indicate low engine oil pressure.  If the light and chime turn on while driving, safely stop the vehicle and turn off the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the Oil Pressure Warning Light.  If the Oil Pressure Warning Light is still illuminated, turn the engine OFF and contact an authorized dealer for further assistance.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the light is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated but it is recommended to take the vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  This light does not indicate how much oil is in the engine.  The engine oil level must be checked under the hood.