The warning display will turn on indicating the system status when the vehicle is in REVERSE or when the vehicle is in DRIVE and an obstacle has been detected.  Push the button to turn on the Hazard Warning Flashers.  When the button is activated, all directional turn signals will flash on and off to warn oncoming traffic of an emergency.  Push the button a second time to turn off the Hazard Warning Flashers.  The ORC turns on the Air Bag Warning Light in the instrument panel for approximately four to eight seconds for a self-check when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  After the self-check, the Air Bag Warning Light will turn off.  If the ORC detects a malfunction in any part of the system, it turns on the Air Bag Warning Light, either momentarily or continuously.  A single chime will sound to alert you if the light comes on again after initial startup.  The Air Bag Warning Light will turn on for four to eight seconds as a bulb check when the ignition switch is first placed in the ON/RUN position.  If the light is either not on during starting, stays on, or turns on while driving, have the system inspected at an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  This light will illuminate with a single chime when a fault with the Air Bag Warning Light has been detected, it will stay on until the fault is removed.  If the light comes on intermittently or remains on while driving, have an authorized dealer service the vehicle immediately The red Brake System Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  This warning light will illuminate when the Stop/Start system is not functioning properly and service is required.  Contact an authorized dealer for service.  This warning light monitors the ABS.  The light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  The yellow ABS Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  The Air Bag Warning Light does not come on during the four to eight seconds when the ignition switch is first in the ON/RUN position.  The Air Bag Warning Light remains on after the four to eight-second interval.  The Air Bag Warning Light comes on intermittently or remains on while driving.  This warning light will indicate when the Electronic Stability Control system is Active.  The ESC Indicator Light in the instrument cluster will come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position, and when ESC is activated.  It should go out with the engine running.  If the ESC Indicator Light comes on continuously with the engine running, a malfunction has been detected in the ESC system.  If this warning light remains on after several ignition cycles, and the vehicle has been driven several miles (kilometers) at speeds greater than 30 mph (48 km/h), see an authorized dealer as soon as possible to have the problem diagnosed and corrected.