In order to ensure brake system performance, all brake system components should be inspected periodically.  For the proper maintenance intervalsYour vehicle is equipped with dual hydraulic brake systems.  If either of the two hydraulic systems lose normal capability, the remaining system will still function.  However, there will be some loss of overall braking effectiveness.  You may notice increased pedal travel during application, greater pedal force required to slow or stop, and potential activation of the Brake Warning Light.  If the driver does not take action based upon these progressive warnings, then the system will provide a limited level of active braking to help slow the vehicle and mitigate the potential forward collision.  If the driver reacts to the warnings by braking and the system determines that the driver intends to avoid the collision by braking but has not applied sufficient brake force, the system will compensate and provide additional brake force as required.  The BAS is designed to optimize the vehicle’s braking capability during emergency braking maneuvers.  The system detects an emergency braking situation by sensing the rate and amount of brake application, and then applies optimum pressure to the brakes.  This can help reduce braking distances.  The BAS complements the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) by applying the brakes very quickly, creating the most efficient braking assistance possible.  To receive the benefit of the system, you must apply continuous braking pressure during the stopping sequence (do not “pump” the brakes).  Do not reduce brake pedal pressure unless braking is no longer desired.  Once the brake pedal is released, the BAS is deactivated.  The Brake Assist System (BAS) cannot prevent the natural laws of physics from acting on the vehicle, nor can it increase the traction afforded by prevailing road conditions.  BAS cannot prevent collisions, including those resulting from excessive speed in turns, driving on very slippery surfaces, or hydroplaning.  The capabilities of a BAS-equipped vehicle must never be exploited in a reckless or dangerous manner, which could jeopardize the user's safety or the safety of others.  Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) is a convenience system.  It is not a substitute for active driver involvement.  It is always the driver’s responsibility to be attentive of road, traffic, and weather conditions, vehicle speed, distance to the vehicle ahead and, most importantly, brake operation to ensure safe operation of the vehicle under all road conditions.  Your complete attention is always required while driving to maintain safe control of your vehicle.  Failure to follow these warnings can result in a collision and death or serious personal injury.  The ACC system: Does not react to pedestrians, oncoming vehicles, and stationary objects (e.g., a stopped vehicle in a traffic jam or a disabled vehicle).  Cannot take street, traffic, and weather conditions into account, and may be limited upon adverse sight distance conditions.  Does not always fully recognize complex driving conditions, which can result in wrong or missing distance warnings.  The ABS provides increased vehicle stability and brake performance under most braking conditions.  The system automatically prevents wheel lock and enhances vehicle control during braking.