Next, link the Uconnect system on your vehicle to Amazon Alexa: With Amazon Alexa, you can connect to your vehicle and remotely access key services and features.  If your vehicle is equipped with Uconnect Navigation, you can send a destination directly to your vehicle using Alexa.  The Phone feature is driven through your Bluetooth® “Hands-Free Profile” mobile phone.  Uconnect features Bluetooth® technology — the global standard that enables different electronic devices to connect to each other without wires or a docking station.  Ensure you phone is turned on with Bluetooth® active and has been paired to the Uconnect system.  Up to 10 mobile phones or audio devices are allowed to be linked to the system.  Only one linked (or paired) mobile phone and one audio device can be used with the system at a time.  Pair (link) uconnect phone to a mobile phone ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  It is possible to have multiple devices connected to the Uconnect system.  For example, if using Android Auto™/Apple CarPlay®, the connected device will be used to place hands-free phone calls or send hands-free text messages.  However, another device can also be paired to the Uconnect system, via Bluetooth®, as an audio source, so the passenger can stream music.  Uconnect Phone will automatically connect to the highest priority paired phone and/or Audio Device within range.  If you need to choose a particular phone or audio device follow these steps: Press the Media button on the touchscreen to begin.  Change the source to “Bluetooth®”.  Press the Bluetooth® button on the touchscreen to display the Paired Audio Devices screen.  Press the Add Device button on the touchscreen.  If there is no device currently connected with the system, a pop-up will appear.  Search for available devices on your Bluetooth®-enabled audio device.  When prompted on the device, confirm the PIN shown on the Uconnect screen.  Uconnect Phone will display an in-process screen while the system is connecting.  When the pairing process has successfully completed, the system will prompt you to choose whether or not this is your favorite device.  Selecting “Yes” will make this device the highest priority.  This device will take precedence over other paired devices within range.  After connecting to Android Auto™ or Apple CarPlay® for the first time and undergoing the setup procedure, the smartphone pairs to the Uconnect system via Bluetooth® without any setup required every time it is within range, if Bluetooth® is turned on.  Uconnect offers connections via USB, Bluetooth®, and auxiliary (AUX) ports.  Voice operation is only available for connected USB and AUX devices.