Hard Top Panel(s) Storage Bag — If Equipped The Freedom Top panels storage bag allows you to store your hard top panels.  The storage bag contains two compartments.  Lay the bag for the panels down so the loops and hooks are facing upward.  Unzip the bag and fold back the outer flap.  Insert the left side hard top panel into the bag with the latches facing upward.  Unfold the black panel divider (ensure the divider is lying flat).  Insert the right side Freedom Top panel into the bag with the latches facing downward.  Note: ensure the front panel latch is closed prior to inserting the panel into the bag.  Unfold the outer flap and zip the hard top bag closed.  Step four store the freedom top panels bag in a safe location.  Note: Ensure the front panel latch is closed prior to inserting the panel into the panels bag.  There is a pouch located on the front of the bag to store the provided hard top edge protectors that are used when the hard top is not installed on the vehicle.  Hard top front panel(s) removal hard top front panel(s) removal ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  Fold down the sun visor against the windshield.  Turn the three L-shaped locks on the left side panel (one at the front, the rear, and outside), unlocking them from the roof.  Step two 1 — outside panel lock 2 — rear panel lock 3 — front panel lock unlatch the left side header panel latch located at the top of the windshield.  Step three 1 — header panel latched 2 — header panel unlatched remove the left side panel.  Repeat the preceding steps to remove the right side panel.  CAUTION: The hard top is not designed to carry any additional loads, such as after-market roof racks, spare tires, building materials, hunting or camping supplies, etc.  H Do not move your vehicle until the top has been either fully attached to the front header, sport bar, and body, or fully removed.  Failure to follow these cautions may cause interior water damage, stains or mildew: It is recommended that the top be free of water prior to panel removal.  Removing the top, opening a door, or lowering a window while the top is wet may allow water to drip into the vehicle’s interior.  The hard top assembly must be positioned properly to ensure sealing.  Improper installation can cause water to leak into the vehicle’s interior.  Careless handling and storage of the removable roof panels may damage the seals, causing water to leak into the vehicle’s interior.  The front panel(s) must be positioned properly to ensure sealing.  Improper installation can cause water to leak into the vehicle’s interior.  Note: Hard Top Front Panel(s) Installation Set the right side panel on the windshield frame with the locating pin in the front receiver mounting hole, followed by the left side panel, making sure there is no overhang.  Make sure that the panels are sitting flush with the body.  Secure the panel(s) using the same steps for removal in reverse order.  Note: To prevent water leaks, the seals and hard top panels should be clear of any dust and debris prior to reinstallation.