Heated Seats — If Equipped The heated seat control buttons are located on the center instrument panel below the touchscreen and also in the Climate Control touchscreen menu.  Press the heated seat button once to turn the HI setting on.  Press the heated seat button a second time to turn the MED setting on.  Press the heated seat button a third time to turn the LO setting on.  Press the heated seat button a fourth time to turn the heating elements off.  For information on use with the Remote Start system, see Note: The engine must be running for the heated seats to operate.  The level of heat selected will stay on until the operator changes it.  WARNING: Persons who are unable to feel pain to the skin because of advanced age, chronic illness, diabetes, spinal cord injury, medication, alcohol use, exhaustion or other physical condition must exercise care when using the seat heater.  It may cause burns even at low temperatures, especially if used for long periods of time.  Do not place anything on the seat or seatback that insulates against heat, such as a blanket or cushion.  This may cause the seat heater to overheat.  Sitting in a seat that has been overheated could cause serious burns due to the increased surface temperature of the seat.  Setting name description auto-on driver heated/ventilated seat & heated steering wheel with vehicle start this setting will activate the vehicle’s comfort system and heated seats or heated steering wheel when the vehicle is remote started or ignition is started.  The “Off” setting will not activate the comfort systems.  The “Remote Start” setting will only activate the comfort systems when using Remote Start.  The “All Start” setting will activate the comfort systems whenever the vehicle is started.  Remote Start Comfort Systems — If Equipped When Remote Start is activated, the front and rear defrost will automatically turn on in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel and driver heated seat feature will also turn on if programmed in the Comfort menu screen within Uconnect Settings