IF YOUR ENGINE OVERHEATS If the vehicle is overheating, it will need to be serviced by an authorized dealer.  Potential signs of vehicle overheating: temperature gauge is at hot (h) strong smell of coolant white smoke coming from engine or exhaust coolant bottle coolant has bubbles present in the event it is observed that the temperature gauge is moving towards or close to the hot (h) position, you can reduce the potential for overheating by taking the appropriate action.  On the highways — slow down.  In city traffic — while stopped, place the transmission in NEUTRAL (N), but do not increase the engine idle speed while preventing vehicle motion with the brakes.  If your Air Conditioner (A/C) is on, turn it off.  The A/C system adds heat to the engine cooling system and turning the A/C off can help remove this heat.  You can also turn the temperature control to maximum heat, the mode control to floor and the blower control to high.  This allows the heater core to act as a supplement to the radiator and aids in removing heat from the engine cooling system.  WARNING: You or others can be badly burned by hot engine coolant (antifreeze) or steam from your radiator.  If you see or hear steam coming from under the hood, do not open the hood until the radiator has had time to cool.  Never try to open a cooling system pressure cap when the radiator or coolant bottle is hot.  CAUTION: Driving with a hot cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H,” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H” and you hear continuous chimes, turn the engine off immediately and call for service.  Engine Coolant Temperature Warning Light This warning light warns of an overheated engine condition.  If the engine coolant temperature is too high, this indicator will illuminate and a single chime will sound.  If the temperature reaches the upper limit, a continuous chime will sound for four minutes or until the engine is able to cool; whichever comes first.  If the light turns on while driving, safely pull over and stop the vehicle.  If the Air Conditioning (A/C) system is on, turn it off.  Also, shift the transmission into NEUTRAL and idle the vehicle.  If the temperature reading does not return to normal, turn the engine off immediately and call for service Cooling System Tips — Automatic Transmission To reduce the potential for engine and transmission overheating in high ambient temperature conditions, take the following actions: City Driving — When stopped, shift the transmission into NEUTRAL (N) and increase engine idle speed.  Highway Driving — Reduce your speed.  Up Steep Hills — Select a lower transmission gear.  Air Conditioning — Turn it off temporarily.  Note: if the coolant temperature is too high, the a/c will automatically turn off.