Press and release this button on the touchscreen, or push the button on the faceplate, to change the current setting.  The AUTO indicator illuminates when AUTO is on.  This feature automatically controls the interior cabin temperature by adjusting distribution and blower speed.  Air conditioning (A/C) may be active during AUTO operation to improve performance.  AUTO Mode is highly recommended for efficiency.  Toggling this function will cause the system to switch between manual mode and automatic modeENGINE START/STOP Button Functions — With Driver’s Foot Off The Brake Pedal (In PARK Or NEUTRAL Position) If equipped, vehicles with an ASSIST and an SOS button are connected vehicles.  These buttons will be located on either the rearview mirror or overhead console, depending on the vehicle.  If these buttons are present in your vehicle, you have a connected radio and can take advantage of the many connected vehicle features.  Push the Stop/Start OFF switch (located on the switch bank).  The light on the switch will illuminate.  The “Stop/Start OFF” message will appear in instrument cluster display within the Stop/Start section, and the Autostop function will be disabled Push the Stop/Start OFF switch (located on the switch bank).  The light on the switch will illuminate.  The “Stop/Start OFF” message will appear in instrument cluster display within the Stop/Start section, and the Autostop function will be disabled When Seats & Comfort/Auto-On Comfort Systems button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to the vehicle’s comfort systems when remote start has been activated or the vehicle has been started.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  This system offers a full complement of manual override features.  The AUTO symbol in the front ATC display will be turned off when the system is being used in the manual mode.  When the Safety/Driving Assistance button is selected on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to the vehicle’s safety settings.  These options will differ depending on the features equipped on the vehicle.  The settings may display in list form or within subfolders on the screen.  To access a subfolder, select the desired folder; the available options related to that feature will then display on the screen.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  When the Key Off Options/Engine Off Options button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to vehicle shutoff.  These settings will only activate when the ignition is set to OFF.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  When the AUX button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to the four vehicle AUX switches: Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.