This warning light will illuminate to indicate the engine oil temperature is high.  If the light turns on while driving, stop the vehicle and shut off the engine as soon as possible.  Wait for oil temperature to return to normal levels.  This warning light will illuminate, and a chime will sound, to indicate low engine oil pressure.  If the light and chime turn on while driving, safely stop the vehicle and turn off the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the Oil Pressure Warning Light.  If the Oil Pressure Warning Light is still illuminated, turn the engine OFF and contact an authorized dealer for further assistance.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the light is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated but it is recommended to take the vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  If the Low Oil Pressure Warning Light turns on while driving, stop the vehicle and shut down the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the lamp.  If the lamp is still illuminated, shut the engine off, contact an authorized dealer, and do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the lamp is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated, but should be taken to an authorized dealer as soon as possible for further inspection.  This warning light will illuminate to warn of a high transmission fluid temperature.  This may occur with strenuous usage such as trailer towing.  If this light turns on, stop the vehicle and run the engine at idle or slightly faster, with the transmission in PARK (P) or NEUTRAL (N), until the light turns off.  Once the light turns off, you may continue to drive normally.  If Manual transmission equipped, this warning will illuminate to warn of high clutch temperature.  This may occur with driver misuse of clutch pedal or resting foot on the clutch pedal or partially engaging the clutch for longer duration.  If the light turns on, it will be with an additional CLUTCH HOT message.  Stop the vehicle safely and run the engine at idle with transmission gear in NEUTRAL (N) until the light turns off.  Once the light turns off, follow the message displayed in the instrument cluster.