Child Restraints Everyone in your vehicle needs to be buckled up at all times, including babies and children.  Every state in the United States, and every Canadian province, requires that small children ride in proper restraint systems.  This is the law, and you can be prosecuted for ignoring it.  Children 12 years or younger should ride properly buckled up in a rear seat, if available.  According to crash statistics, children are safer when properly restrained in the rear seats rather than in the front.  There are different sizes and types of restraints for children from newborn size to the child almost large enough for an adult safety belt.  Always check the child seat Owner’s Manual to make sure you have the correct seat for your child.  Carefully read and follow all the instructions and warnings in the child restraint Owner’s Manual and on all the labels attached to the child restraint.  Before buying any restraint system, make sure that it has a label certifying that it meets all applicable Safety Standards.  You should also make sure that you can install it in the vehicle where you will use it.  WARNING: In a collision, an unrestrained child can become a projectile inside the vehicle.  The force required to hold even an infant on your lap could become so great that you could not hold the child, no matter how strong you are.  The child and others could be badly injured or killed.  Any child riding in your vehicle should be in a proper restraint for the child’s size.  Note: for additional information, refer to http://www.nhtsa.gov/parents-and-caregivers or call: 1–888–327–4236 canadian residents should refer to transport canada’s website for additional information: https://www.tc.gc.ca/en/services/road/child-car-seat-safety.html frequently asked questions about installing child restraints with seat belts what is the weight limit (child’s weight + weight of the child restraint) for using the tether anchor with the seat belt to attach a forward-facing child restraint.  Weight limit of the child restraint always use the tether anchor when using the seat belt to install a forward-facing child restraint, up to the recommended weight limit of the child restraint.  Can the rear-facing child restraint touch the back of the front passenger seat?  Yes contact between the front passenger seat and the child restraint is allowed, if the child restraint manufacturer also allows contact.  Can the rear head restraints be removed?  Yes the center head restraint can be removed if it interferes with the installation of the child restraint.  Can the buckle stalk be twisted to tighten the seat belt against the belt path of the child restraint?  No do not twist the buckle stalk in a seating position with an alr retractor.  Children Too Large For Booster Seats Children who are large enough to wear the shoulder belt comfortably, and whose legs are long enough to bend over the front of the seat when their back is against the seatback, should use the seat belt in a rear seat.  Use this simple 5-step test to decide whether the child can use the vehicle’s seat belt alone: Can the child sit all the way back against the back of the vehicle seat?  Do the child’s knees bend comfortably over the front of the vehicle seat while the child is still sitting all the way back?  Does the shoulder belt cross the child’s shoulder between the neck and arm?  Is the lap part of the belt as low as possible, touching the child’s thighs and not the stomach?  Can the child stay seated like this for the whole trip?  If the answer to any of these questions was “no,” then the child still needs to use a booster seat in this vehicle.  If the child is using the lap/shoulder belt, check seat belt fit periodically and make sure the seat belt buckle is latched.  A child’s squirming or slouching can move the belt out of position.  If the shoulder belt contacts the face or neck, move the child closer to the center of the vehicle, or use a booster seat to position the seat belt on the child correctly.  WARNING: Never allow a child to put the shoulder belt under an arm or behind their back.  In a crash, the shoulder belt will not protect a child properly, which may result in serious injury or death.  A child must always wear both the lap and shoulder portions of the seat belt correctly.