Regardless of whether your vehicle's OBD II system is ready, if the MIL is illuminated during normal vehicle operation you should have your vehicle serviced before going to the I/M station.  The I/M station can fail your vehicle because the MIL is on with the engine running.  When the engine is running, the MIL may flash to alert serious conditions that could lead to immediate loss of power or severe catalytic converter damage.  The vehicle should be serviced by an authorized dealer as soon as possible if this occurs.  The MIL will flash for about 10 seconds and then return to being fully illuminated until you turn OFF the ignition or start the engine.  This means that your vehicle's obd ii system is not ready and you should not proceed to the i/m station.  The MIL will not flash at all and will remain fully illuminated until you place the ignition in the off position or start the engine.  This means that your vehicle's obd ii system is ready and you can proceed to the i/m station.  Prolonged driving with the MIL on could cause further damage to the emission control system.  It could also affect fuel economy and driveability.  The vehicle must be serviced before any emissions tests can be performed.  If the MIL is flashing while the vehicle is running, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.  Cycle the ignition switch to the ON position, but do not crank or start the engine.  If you crank or start the engine, you will have to start this test over.  As soon as you cycle the ignition switch to the ON position, you will see the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) symbol come on as part of a normal bulb check.  Approximately 15 seconds later, one of two things will happen: The MIL will flash for about 10 seconds and then return to being fully illuminated until you turn OFF the ignition or start the engine.  This means that your vehicle's obd ii system is not ready and you should not proceed to the i/m station.  The MIL will not flash at all and will remain fully illuminated until you place the ignition in the off position or start the engine.  This means that your vehicle's obd ii system is ready and you can proceed to the i/m station.  Prolonged driving with the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) on could cause damage to the vehicle control system.  It also could affect fuel economy and driveability.  If the MIL is flashing, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.