Protection From Atmospheric Agents Vehicle body care requirements vary according to geographic locations and usage.  Chemicals that make roads passable in snow and ice and those that are sprayed on trees and road surfaces during other seasons are highly corrosive to the metal in your vehicle.  Outside parking, which exposes your vehicle to airborne contaminants, road surfaces on which the vehicle is operated, extreme hot or cold weather, and other extreme conditions will have an adverse effect on paint, metal trim, and underbody protection.  The following maintenance recommendations will enable you to obtain maximum benefit from the corrosion resistance built into your vehicle.  Starting Fluids The engine is equipped with a glow plug preheating system.  If the instructions in this manual are followed, the engine should start in all conditions and no type of starting fluid should be used.  WARNING: Do not leave children or animals inside parked vehicles in hot weather.  Interior heat build-up may cause serious injury or death.  When leaving the vehicle, always make sure the keyless ignition node is in the OFF position, remove the key fob from the vehicle and lock the vehicle.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle, or in a location accessible to children, and do not leave the ignition of a vehicle equipped with Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.  Glove Compartment The glove compartment is located on the passenger side of the instrument panel.  To open the glove compartment, pull the release handle.  WARNING: Do not operate this vehicle with the glove compartment in the open position.  Driving with the glove compartment open may result in injury in a collision.