BED RAIL TIE DOWN SYSTEM — IF EQUIPPED The Bed Rail Tie Down system allows you to properly secure cargo in the truck bed.  There are two adjustable utility rail cleats on each side of the bed that can be used to assist in securing cargo.  Each utility rail cleat must be tightened down in one of the detents along either utility rail in order to keep cargo properly secured.  To move the utility rail cleat to any position on the utility rail, turn the cleat retainer nut counterclockwise several times.  Then, pull out on the utility rail cleat and slide it to the detent nearest the desired location.  Make sure the utility rail cleat is seated in the detent, and tighten the nut.  To remove the utility rail cleats from the side utility rails, slide the cleat to the rectangular cutout located at the end of the rail toward the front of the vehicle.  To remove the utility rail cleat from the front utility rail, slide the cleat to the rectangular cutout located on the left side of the rail.  CAUTION: The maximum load per cleat should not exceed 250 lb (113 kg) and the angle of the load on each cleat should not exceed 45 degrees above horizontal, or damage to the cleat or cleat rail may occur.  Lower Anchors And Tethers For CHildren (LATCH) Your vehicle is equipped with the child restraint anchorage system called LATCH, which stands for Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren.  The LATCH system has three vehicle anchor points for installing LATCH-equipped child seats.  There are two lower anchorages located at the back of the seat cushion where it meets the seatback and one top tether anchorage located behind the seating position.  These anchorages are used to install LATCH-equipped child seats without using the vehicle’s seat belts.  Some seating positions may have a top tether anchorage but no lower anchorages.  In these seating positions, the seat belt must be used with the top tether anchorage to install the child restraint.  Please see the following table for more information.