If the Brake System Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the brake system is not functioning properly and that immediate service is required.  If the Brake System Warning Light does not come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, have the light repaired as soon as possible.  If the ABS light remains on or turns on while driving, then the Anti-Lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and service is required as soon as possible.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally, assuming the Brake Warning Light is not also on.  This warning light monitors various brake functions, including brake fluid level and parking brake application.  If the brake light turns on it may indicate that the parking brake is applied, that the brake fluid level is low, or that there is a problem with the Anti-Lock Brake System reservoir.  If the ABS Warning Light is on, the brake system should be serviced as soon as possible to restore the benefits of Anti-Lock Brakes.  If the ABS Warning Light does not come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, have the light repaired as soon as possible.  The red Brake System Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  Operation of the Brake Warning Light can be checked by turning the ignition switch from the OFF position to the ON/RUN position.  The light should illuminate for approximately two seconds.  The light should then turn off unless the parking brake is applied or a brake fault is detected.  If the light does not illuminate, have the light inspected by an authorized dealer.  If the ABS Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the anti-lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and that service is required.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally if the ABS Warning Light is on.  If the Brake Warning Light remains on with the parking brake released, a brake system malfunction is indicated.  Have the brake system serviced by an authorized dealer immediately.  When the parking brake is applied with the ignition switch ON, the Brake Warning Light in the instrument cluster will illuminate.  This warning light will turn on when there's a fault with the EPS system