Jacking and tire changing jacking and tire changing ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  WARNING: Do not attempt to change a tire on the side of the vehicle close to moving traffic.  Pull far enough off the road to avoid the danger of being hit when operating the jack or changing the wheel.  Being under a jacked-up vehicle is dangerous.  The vehicle could slip off the jack and fall on you.  You could be crushed.  Never put any part of your body under a vehicle that is on a jack.  If you need to get under a raised vehicle, take the vehicle to a service center where it can be raised on a lift.  Never start or run the engine while the vehicle is on a jack.  The jack is designed to be used as a tool for changing tires only.  The jack should not be used to lift the vehicle for service purposes.  The vehicle should be jacked on a firm level surface only.  Avoid ice or slippery areas.  Replacement Tires The tires on your new vehicle provide a balance of many characteristics.  They should be inspected regularly for wear and correct cold tire inflation pressures.  The manufacturer strongly recommends using tires equivalent to the originals in size, quality, and performance when replacement is needed Refer to the Tire And Loading Information Placard or the Vehicle Certification Label for the size designation of your tire.  The Load Index and Speed Symbol for your tire will be found on the original equipment tire sidewall.  See the Tire Sizing Chart found in the “Tire Safety Information” section of this manual for more information relating to the Load Index and Speed Symbol of a tire It is recommended to replace the two front tires or two rear tires as a pair.  Replacing just one tire can seriously affect your vehicle’s handling.  If you ever replace a wheel, make sure that the wheel’s specifications match those of the original wheels.  It is recommended you contact an authorized tire dealer or original equipment dealer with any questions you may have on tire specifications or capability.  Failure to use equivalent replacement tires may adversely affect the safety, handling, and ride of your vehicle.  WARNING: Do not use a tire, wheel size, load rating, or speed rating other than that specified for your vehicle.  Some combinations of unapproved tires and wheels may change suspension dimensions and performance characteristics, resulting in changes to steering, handling, and braking of your vehicle.  This can cause unpredictable handling and stress to steering and suspension components.  You could lose control and have a collision resulting in serious injury or death.  Use only the tire and wheel sizes with load ratings approved for your vehicle.  Never use a tire with a smaller load index or capacity, other than what was originally equipped on your vehicle.  Using a tire with a smaller load index could result in tire overloading and failure.  You could lose control and have a collision Failure to equip your vehicle with tires having adequate speed capability can result in sudden tire failure and loss of vehicle control.  CAUTION: Replacing original tires with tires of a different size may result in false speedometer and odometer readings.  What to do when an electrical load reduction action message is present (“battery saver on” or “battery saver mode”) during a trip: reduce power to unnecessary loads if possible: turn off redundant lights (interior or exterior) check what may be plugged in to power outlets +12 volt, 115 volts ac, usb ports check hvac settings (blower, temperature) check the audio settings (volume) after a trip: check if any aftermarket equipment was installed (additional lights, upfitter electrical accessories, audio systems, alarms) and review specifications if any (load and ignition off draw currents).  Evaluate the latest driving cycles (distance, driving time and parking time).  The vehicle should have service performed if the message is still present during consecutive trips and the evaluation of the vehicle and driving pattern did not help to identify the cause.