Manual Mirror — If Equipped The rearview mirror can be adjusted up, down, left, and right.  The mirror should be adjusted to center on the view through the rear window.  Headlight glare from vehicles behind you can be reduced by moving the small control under the mirror to the night position (toward the rear of the vehicle).  The mirror should be adjusted while set in the day position (toward the windshield).  Automatic Dimming Mirror — If Equipped The rearview mirror can be adjusted up, down, left, and right.  The mirror should be adjusted to center on the view through the rear window.  This mirror automatically adjusts for headlight glare from vehicles behind you.  The Automatic Dimming feature can be turned on or off through the Uconnect Controls button on the touchscreen.  Note: The Automatic Dimming Mirror feature is disabled when the vehicle is in REVERSE to improve the driver’s rear view.  CAUTION: To avoid damage to the mirror during cleaning, never spray any cleaning solution directly onto the mirror.  Apply the solution onto a clean cloth and wipe the mirror clean.  Automatic High Beam Headlamp Control — If Equipped The Automatic High Beam Headlamp Control system provides increased forward lighting at night by automatically controlling the high beams through the use of a camera mounted on the vehicle’s header.  This camera detects vehicle specific light and automatically switches from high beams to low beams until the approaching vehicle is out of view.  Note: the automatic high beam headlamp control can be turned on or off by selecting “on” under “auto dim high beams” within your uconnect settings "⇨uconnect settings" , as well as turning the headlight switch to the auto position and placing the multifunction lever in the high beam position.  Broken, muddy, or obstructed headlights and taillights of vehicles in the field of view will cause headlights to remain on longer (closer to the vehicle).  Also, dirt, film, and other obstructions on the windshield or camera lens will cause the system to function improperly.