Amazon Alexa Skill — If Equipped Enjoy the convenience of using your voice to command your vehicle with Amazon Alexa!  With Amazon Alexa, you can connect to your vehicle and remotely access key services and features.  If your vehicle is equipped with Uconnect Navigation, you can send a destination directly to your vehicle using Alexa.  If you need assistance, you can always ask alexa for help, or complete a list of commands by saying: “alexa, ask <brand name> for help with my car.” here are a few of the many questions you can ask alexa: “alexa, ask <vehicle brand> to start my <vehicle name> with your voice code.” “alexa, ask <vehicle brand> to lock my <vehicle name> with your voice code.” “alexa, ask <vehicle brand> to send 1000 chrysler drive, auburn hills, michigan to my <vehicle name>.” “alexa, ask <vehicle brand> what is the fuel level of my <vehicle name>.” an active subscription to siriusxm guardian™ is required.  To use Amazon Alexa, first, register for SiriusXM Guardian™ Next, link the Uconnect system on your vehicle to Amazon Alexa: Download the Amazon Alexa app on your mobile device (Apple® or Android™).  Once in the app, tap MENU and go to SKILLS.  Search for <vehicle brand> skill, then tap Enable.  Tap SAVE SETTINGS when prompted.  Link the vehicle brand name to the <vehicle brand> Skill by tapping LINK ACCOUNT.  Log in using your Owner Account credentials.  This will be the same user name and password you used when registering for SiriusXM Guardian™ connected services.  There will be additional settings to confirm on the following screen.  AUTHORIZE the account to return to the <vehicle brand> Skill.  You can now begin using the <vehicle brand> Skill on Alexa!  Android Auto™ Voice Command Android Auto™ allows you to use your voice to interact with its best-in-class speech technology through your vehicle’s voice recognition system, and use your smartphone’s data plan to project your Android™-powered smartphone and a number of its apps onto your Uconnect touchscreen.  Connect your Android™ 6.0 or higher to one of the media USB ports, using the factory-provided USB cable, and press the new Android Auto™ icon that replaces your Phone icon on the main menu bar to begin Android Auto™.  Push and hold the vr button on the steering wheel, or press and hold the microphone icon within android auto™, to activate its vr, which recognizes natural voice commands, to use a list of your smartphone’s features: maps music phone text messages additional apps android™ is a trademark of google inc.  Note: Feature availability depends on your carrier and mobile phone manufacturer.  Some Android Auto™ features may or may not be available in every region and/or language.  Note: To use Android Auto™ on your car display, you’ll need an Android™ phone running Android™ 6.0 or higher, an active data plan, and the Android Auto™ app.  To wirelessly use Android Auto™ on your car display, you need a compatible Android™ smartphone with an active data plan.  You can check which smartphones are compatible at g.co/androidauto/requirements.  Radio Voice Commands Use your voice to quickly get to the AM, FM, or SiriusXM® Satellite Radio stations you would like to hear.  (subscription or included siriusxm® satellite radio trial required.)  push the vr button on the steering wheel and wait for the beep to say a command.  See an example: “ tune to ninety-five-point-five fm” “ tune to satellite channel hits 1” did you know: at any time, if you are not sure of what to say or want to learn a voice command, push the vr button and say “ help ”.  The system provides you with a list of commands.