With Remote Start, the engine will only run for 15 minutes.  Remote Start can only be used twice.  If an engine fault is present or fuel level is low, the vehicle will start and then shut down in 10 seconds.  The parking lights will turn on and remain on during Remote Start mode.  For security, power window operation is disabled when the vehicle is in the Remote Start mode.  The ignition must be placed in the ON/RUN position before the Remote Start sequence can be repeated for a third cycle.  For information on use with the Remote Start system, seeHow long does it take to remotely start my vehicle?  Depending on various conditions, it can take three minutes or more for the request to get through to your vehicle.  Which is faster, my key fob or the Vehicle Branded App?  Your key fob will remote start your vehicle more quickly.  However its range is limited.  For example, when you are leaving the stadium after the game, you can use the Vehicle Branded App to remote start your vehicle and have the inside of your vehicle comfortable by the time you get to it.  Will my vehicle be safe if I lose my wireless device?  People sometimes lose their wireless devices, which is why security measures have been engineered into the Vehicle Branded App.  Asking for your username, password and SiriusXM Guardian™ Security PIN help to ensure that nobody can start your vehicle if they happen to find your device.  Can someone drive off with my vehicle using the App?  nob Driving your vehicle still requires the keys to be in the vehicle.  The Remote Start feature simply starts the engine to warm up or cool down the interior before you arrive.  Can I stop a vehicle that is being driven with the cancel Remote Vehicle Start command?  nob If the vehicle is in motion, the cancel Remote Vehicle Start button will not stop the vehicle.  Why can’t all mobile devices use the Vehicle Branded App?  The Vehicle Branded App has been designed to work on most devices with the Apple® and Android™ operating systems.  The capabilities of these devices allow us to remotely command your vehicle.  Other operating systems may be supported in the future.