Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ — Passive Entry (If Equipped) The Passive Entry system is a feature that allows you to lock and unlock the vehicle’s door(s) and tailgate without having to push the key fob lock or unlock buttons.  Note: Passive Entry may be programmed on/off through Uconnect Settings The key fob may not be detected by the vehicle Passive Entry system if it is located next to a mobile phone, laptop, or other electronic device; these devices may interfere with the key fob’s wireless signal and prevent the Passive Entry system from locking/unlocking the vehicle.  Passive Entry Unlock initiates Headlight Illumination On Approach (low beams, license plate lamp, parking lights) for whichever duration is set within the Uconnect Settings between 0, 30, 60 or 90 seconds.  Passive Entry Unlock also initiates two flashes of the turn signal lights.  If wearing gloves, if it has been raining/snowing, or there is salt/dirt covering the Passive Entry door handle, the unlock sensitivity can be affected, resulting in a slower response time.  The doors may unlock when water is sprayed on the Passive Entry door handles if the key fob is located outside of the vehicle within 5 ft (1.5 m) of the handle.  If the vehicle is unlocked by Passive Entry and no door is opened within 60 seconds, the vehicle will relock and, if equipped, will arm the Vehicle Security system.  Frequency Operated Button Integrated Key (FOBIK-Safe) To minimize the possibility of unintentionally locking a Passive Entry key fob inside your vehicle, the Passive Entry system is equipped with an automatic door unlock feature which will function only if the ignition switch is in the OFF position.  FOBIK-Safe only executes in vehicles with Passive Entry.  There are three situations that trigger a FOBIK-Safe search in any Passive Entry vehicle: A lock request is made by a valid Passive Entry key fob while a door is open.  A lock request is made by the Passive Entry door handle while a door is open.  A lock request is made by the door panel switch while the door is open.  When any of these situations occur, after all open doors are closed, the FOBIK-Safe search will be executed.  If it detects a Passive Entry key fob inside the vehicle, the vehicle will unlock and alert the customer.  If Passive Entry is disabled using the Uconnect system, the key fob protection described in this section remains active/functional.  Note: The vehicle will only unlock the doors during a FOBIK-Safe operation when a valid Passive Entry key fob is detected inside the vehicle.  The vehicle will not unlock the doors when any of the following conditions are true: A second valid Passive Entry key fob is detected outside of the vehicle (within 5 ft (1.5 m) of a Passive Entry door handle).  The doors are manually locked using the door lock knobs.  Three attempts are made to lock the doors using the door panel switch, and then the doors are closed.  To Lock The Vehicle’s Doors With one of the vehicle’s Passive Entry key fobs within 5 ft (1.5 m) of the driver or passenger front door handles, pushing the Passive Entry lock button will lock the vehicle doors.  Note: When pushing the door handle lock button, DO NOT grab the door handle.  This could unlock the door(s).  Note: After pushing the door handle button, the driver must wait three seconds before locking or unlocking the doors, using any Passive Entry door handle.  This is done to allow the driver to check if the vehicle is locked by pulling the door handle without the vehicle unlocking.  If Passive Entry is disabled using the Uconnect system, the key fob protection described in “Preventing Inadvertent Locking Of Passive Entry Key Fob In Vehicle” remains active/functional.  The Passive Entry system will not operate if the key fob battery is depleted