A/C Button Press and release this button on the touchscreen, or push the button on the faceplate to change the current setting.  The A/C indicator illuminates when A/C is ON.  The Air Conditioning (A/C) button allows the operator to manually activate or deactivate the air conditioning system.  When the air conditioning system is turned on, cool dehumidified air will flow through the outlets into the cabin.  Note: If fog or mist appears on the windshield or side glass, select Defrost mode, and increase blower speed if needed.  If your air conditioning performance seems lower than expected, check the front of the A/C condenser (located in front of the radiator), for an accumulation of dirt or insects.  Clean with a gentle water spray from the front of the radiator and through the condenser.  To Deactivate A soft tap on the brake pedal, pushing the CANC (cancel) button, or normal brake pressure while slowing the vehicle will deactivate the Cruise Control without erasing the set speed from memory.  The following conditions will also deactivate the cruise control without erasing the set speed from memory: vehicle parking brake is applied stability event occurs gear selector is moved out of drive engine overspeed occurs clutch pedal is pressed (manual transmission only) vehicle is operating at a low rpm (manual transmission only) pushing the on/off button or placing the ignition in the off position, erases the set speed from memory.  Recirculation Button Push the Recirculation button on the faceplate to change the system between recirculation mode and outside air mode.  The Recirculation indicator and the A/C indicator (if equipped) illuminate when the Recirculation button is pressed.  Recirculation can be used when outside conditions such as smoke, odors, dust, or high humidity are present.  Recirculation can be used in all modes except for Defrost.  Recirculation may be unavailable if conditions exist that could create fogging on the inside of the windshield.  The A/C can be deselected manually without disturbing the mode control selection.  Continuous use of the Recirculation mode may make the inside air stuffy and window fogging may occur.  Extended use of this mode is not recommended.  On systems with Manual Climate Controls, the Recirculation mode is not allowed in Defrost mode to improve window clearing operation.  Recirculation is disabled automatically if this mode is selected.  Attempting to use Recirculation while in this mode causes the LED on the control button to blink and then turn off.