Your vehicle is required to have an OBD II and a connection port to allow access to information related to the performance of your emissions controls.  Authorized service technicians may need to access this information to assist with the diagnosis and service of your vehicle and emissions system Prolonged driving with the MIL on could cause further damage to the emission control system.  It could also affect fuel economy and driveability.  The vehicle must be serviced before any emissions tests can be performed.  If the MIL is flashing while the vehicle is running, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.  In some localities, it may be a legal requirement to pass an inspection of your vehicle's emissions control system.  Failure to pass could prevent vehicle registration.  The obd ii system may not be ready if your vehicle was recently serviced, recently had a depleted battery or a battery replacement.  If the OBD II system should be determined not ready for the I/M test, your vehicle may fail the test.  For normal service, periodic fluid level checks are not required.  When the vehicle is serviced for other reasons the exterior surfaces of the axle assembly should be inspected.  If gear oil leakage is suspected, inspect the fluid level.  Prolonged driving with the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) on could cause damage to the vehicle control system.  It also could affect fuel economy and driveability.  If the MIL is flashing, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.  Your vehicle is equipped with a sophisticated Onboard Diagnostic system called OBD II.  This system monitors the performance of the emissions, engine, and transmission control systems.  When these systems are operating properly, your vehicle will provide excellent performance and fuel economy, as well as engine emissions well within current government regulations.  Intentional tampering with the emissions control system can result in civil penalties being assessed against you.  If the vehicle is overheating, it will need to be serviced by an authorized dealer.  Intentional tampering with emissions control systems can result in civil penalties being assessed against you.