Exhaust Gas The best protection against carbon monoxide entry into the vehicle body is a properly maintained engine exhaust system.  Whenever a change is noticed in the sound of the exhaust system, when exhaust fumes can be detected inside the vehicle, or when the underside or rear of the vehicle is damaged, have an authorized dealer inspect the complete exhaust system and adjacent body areas for broken, damaged, deteriorated, or mispositioned parts.  Open seams or loose connections could permit exhaust fumes to seep into the passenger compartment.  In addition, inspect the exhaust system each time the vehicle is raised for lubrication or oil change.  Replace as required.  WARNING: Exhaust gases can injure or kill.  They contain carbon monoxide (CO), which is colorless and odorless.  Breathing it can make you unconscious and can eventually poison you.  To avoid breathing (CO), follow these safety tips: Do not run the engine in a closed garage or in confined areas any longer than needed to move your vehicle in or out of the area.  If you are required to drive with the trunk/liftgate/rear doors open, make sure that all windows are closed and the climate control BLOWER switch is set at high speed.  DO NOT use the recirculation mode.  If it is necessary to sit in a parked vehicle with the engine running, adjust your heating or cooling controls to force outside air into the vehicle.  Set the blower at high speed.  Carbon Monoxide Warnings WARNING: Carbon monoxide (CO) in exhaust gases is deadly.  Follow the precautions below to prevent carbon monoxide poisoning: Do not inhale exhaust gases.  They contain carbon monoxide, a colorless and odorless gas, which can kill.  Never run the engine in a closed area, such as a garage, and never sit in a parked vehicle with the engine running for an extended period.  If the vehicle is stopped in an open area with the engine running for more than a short period, adjust the ventilation system to force fresh, outside air into the vehicle.  Guard against carbon monoxide with proper maintenance.  Have the exhaust system inspected every time the vehicle is raised.  Have any abnormal conditions repaired promptly.  Until repaired, drive with all side windows fully open.  Charge Air Cooler — Inter-Cooler (Diesel Engine) The charge air cooler is positioned in front of the radiator and the air conditioner condenser.  Air enters the engine through the air cleaner and passes through the turbocharger, where it is pressurized.  This pressurized air rapidly reaches high temperature.  The air is then directed through a hose to the charge air cooler and through another hose to the intake manifold of the engine.  This cooling process enables more efficient burning of fuel resulting in fewer emissions.  To guarantee optimum performance of the system, keep the surfaces of the charge air cooler, condenser and radiator clean and free of debris.  Periodically check the hoses leading to and from the charge air cooler for cracks or loose clamps resulting in loss of pressure and reduced engine performance.