The voltmeter may show a gauge fluctuation at various engine temperatures.  This is caused by the glow plug heating system.  The number of cycles and the length of the cycling operation is controlled by the engine control module.  Glow plug heater operation can run for several minutes.  Once the heater operation is complete the voltmeter needle will stabilize.  The temperature gauge shows engine coolant temperature.  Any reading within the normal range indicates that the engine cooling system is operating satisfactorily.  The gauge pointer will likely indicate a higher temperature when driving in hot weather, up mountain grades, or when towing a trailer.  It should not be allowed to exceed the upper limits of the normal operating range.  A hot engine cooling system is dangerous.  You or others could be badly burned by steam or boiling coolant.  It is recommended that you call an authorized dealer for service if your vehicle overheats.  Driving with a hot engine cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H”, turn the engine off immediately and call an authorized dealer for service.  This warning light warns of an overheated engine condition.  If the engine coolant temperature is too high, this indicator will illuminate and a single chime will sound.  If the temperature reaches the upper limit, a continuous chime will sound for four minutes or until the engine is able to cool; whichever comes first.  Engine start-up in very low ambient temperature could result in evident white smoke.  This condition will disappear as the engine warms up.  During extremely cold temperatures (-22°F [-30°C] or below), transmission operation may be modified depending on engine and transmission temperature as well as vehicle speed.  Normal operation will resume once the transmission temperature has risen to a suitable level.