What Causes Corrosion?  Corrosion is the result of deterioration or removal of paint and protective coatings from your vehicle.  The most common causes are: road salt, dirt and moisture accumulation stone and gravel impact.  Insects, tree sap and tar.  Salt in the air near seacoast localities.  Atmospheric fallout/industrial pollutants.  Protection From Atmospheric Agents Vehicle body care requirements vary according to geographic locations and usage.  Chemicals that make roads passable in snow and ice and those that are sprayed on trees and road surfaces during other seasons are highly corrosive to the metal in your vehicle.  Outside parking, which exposes your vehicle to airborne contaminants, road surfaces on which the vehicle is operated, extreme hot or cold weather, and other extreme conditions will have an adverse effect on paint, metal trim, and underbody protection.  The following maintenance recommendations will enable you to obtain maximum benefit from the corrosion resistance built into your vehicle.  Wheel And Wheel Trim Care All wheels and wheel trim, especially aluminum and chrome plated wheels, should be cleaned regularly using mild (neutral Ph) soap and water to maintain their luster and to prevent corrosion.  Wash wheels with the same soap solution recommended for the body of the vehicle, and remember to always wash when the surfaces are not hot to the touch.  Your wheels are susceptible to deterioration caused by salt, sodium chloride, magnesium chloride, calcium chloride, etc., and other road chemicals used to melt ice or control dust on dirt roads.  Use a soft cloth or sponge and mild soap to wipe away promptly.  Do not use harsh chemicals or a stiff brush.  They can damage the wheel’s protective coating that helps keep them from corroding and tarnishing.  When cleaning extremely dirty wheels, including excessive brake dust, care must be taken in the selection of tire and wheel cleaning chemicals and equipment to prevent damage to the wheels.  Mopar® Wheel Treatment or Mopar® Chrome Cleaner, or their equivalent, is recommended or select a non-abrasive, non-acidic cleaner for aluminum or chrome wheels.  CAUTION: Avoid products or automatic car washes that use acidic solutions or strong alkaline additives or harsh brushes.  Many aftermarket wheel cleaners and automatic car washes may damage the wheel's protective finish.  Such damage is not covered by the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  Only car wash soap, Mopar® Wheel Cleaner or equivalent is recommended.  CAUTION: Do not use scouring pads, steel wool, a bristle brush, metal polishes, or oven cleaner.  These products may damage the wheel's protective finish.  Such damage is not covered by the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  Only car wash soap, Mopar® Wheel Cleaner or equivalent is recommended.  Note: If you intend parking or storing your vehicle for an extended period after cleaning the wheels with wheel cleaner, drive your vehicle and apply the brakes to remove the water droplets from the brake components.  This activity will remove the red rust on the brake rotors and prevent vehicle vibration when braking.