Preparations For Jump Start The battery in your vehicle is located in the right rear of the engine compartment.  If your vehicle is equipped with a Stop/Start system, it will be equipped with two batteries See the following steps to prepare for jump starting: Apply the parking brake, shift the automatic transmission into PARK (P) (manual transmission in NEUTRAL) and place the ignition in OFF mode.  Turn off the heater, radio, and all electrical accessories.  If using another vehicle to jump start the battery, park the vehicle within the jumper cable’s reach, apply the parking brake and make sure the ignition is OFF.  WARNING: Only use the positive battery post on the main battery to jump start your vehicle.  Serious injury or death could result if you attempt to jump start using the supplemental battery.  Battery gas is flammable and explosive.  Keep flame or sparks away from the battery.  Do not use a booster battery or any other booster source with an output greater than 12 Volts.  Do not allow cable clamps to touch each other.  Battery posts, terminals, and related accessories contain lead and lead compounds.  Wash hands after handling.  If a “fast charger” is used while the battery is in the vehicle, disconnect both vehicle battery cables before connecting the charger to the battery.  Do not use a “fast charger” to provide starting.  Note: the positive (+) battery post is covered with a protective cap.  Lift up on the cap to gain access to the post.  WARNING: Do not allow vehicles to touch each other as this could establish a ground connection and personal injury could result.  Take care to avoid the radiator cooling fan whenever the hood is raised.  It can start anytime the ignition switch is ON.  You can be injured by moving fan blades.  Remove any metal jewelry such as rings, watch bands and bracelets that could make an inadvertent electrical contact.  You could be seriously injured.  Batteries contain sulfuric acid that can burn your skin or eyes and generate hydrogen gas which is flammable and explosive.  Keep open flames or sparks away from the battery.