Manual Front Seatback Recline Adjustment To recline the seat, pull on the recline strap and lean forward or rearward, depending on the direction you would like the seatback to move.  Release the strap when the desired position is reached and the seatback will lock into place.  WARNING: Do not ride with the seatback reclined so that the shoulder belt is no longer resting against your chest.  In a collision you could slide under the seat belt, which could result in serious injury or death.  Folding The Rear Seats To fold down the rear seat, pull the release strap located on the upper outboard side of the rear seat to release the seat.  The head restraints are folded independently To raise the seatback to the proper position, manually lift the seatback until it locks into place.  To return the head restraint to the proper position, manually lift up until it locks into place.  If interference from the cargo area behind the seat prevents the seatback from fully locking, you will have difficulty returning the seats to their proper position.  Note: Each rear seatback can be locked in an upright position using the vehicle key.  Each seatback must be unlocked to release for folding.  Note: The vehicle is equipped with stow clips located on the lower trim, next to the rear seats.  Use these clips to hold the seat belt out of the path of the seatback when it is being folded and raised.  Stow clip location you may experience deformation in the seat cushion from the seat belt buckles if the seats are left folded for an extended period of time.  This is normal.  By simply unfolding the seats to the open position, the seat cushion will return to its normal shape over time.  WARNING: Be certain that the seatback is securely locked into position.  Perform a “push - pull - push” check to confirm the seat is fully locked.  If the seatback is not securely locked into position, the seat will not provide the proper stability for child seats and/or passengers.  A red indicator on the pull strap will be displayed if the seatback is not securely locked.  An improperly latched seat could cause serious injury.  Locating The LATCH Anchorages The lower anchorages are round bars that are found at the rear of the seat cushion where it meets the seatback, adjacent to the anchorage symbols on the seatback.  They are just visible when you lean into the rear seat to install the child restraint.  You will easily feel them if you run your finger along the gap between the seatback and seat cushion.