ENGINE BREAK-IN RECOMMENDATIONS — GASOLINE ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) A long break-in period is not required for the engine and drivetrain (transmission and axle) in your vehicle.  Drive moderately during the first 300 miles (500 km).  After the initial 60 miles (100 km), speeds up to 50 or 55 mph (80 or 90 km/h) are desirable.  While cruising, brief full-throttle acceleration within the limits of local traffic laws contributes to a good break-in.  Wide-open throttle acceleration in low gear can be detrimental and should be avoided.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant.  Oil changes should be consistent with anticipated climate conditions under which vehicle operations will occur.  For the recommended viscosity and quality grades see CAUTION: Never use Non-Detergent Oil or Straight Mineral Oil in the engine or damage may result.  Note: A new engine may consume some oil during its first few thousand miles (kilometers) of operation.  This should be considered a normal part of the break-in and not interpreted as a problem.  ENGINE BREAK-IN RECOMMENDATIONS — DIESEL ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) The diesel engine does not require a break-in period due to its construction.  Normal operation is allowed, providing the following recommendations are followed: Warm up the engine before placing it under load.  Do not operate the engine at idle for prolonged periods.  Use the appropriate transmission gear to prevent engine lugging.  Observe vehicle oil pressure and temperature indicators.  Check the coolant and oil levels frequently.  Vary throttle position at highway speeds when carrying or towing significant weight.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant.  Oil changes should be consistent with anticipated climate conditions under which vehicle operations will occur.  For recommended viscosity and quality grades NON-DETERGENT OR STRAIGHT MINERAL OILS MUST NEVER BE USED.  Note: Light duty operation such as light trailer towing or no load operation will extend the time before the engine is at full efficiency.  Reduced fuel economy and power may be seen at this time.  Introduction To Connected Vehicle Services One of the many benefits of your vehicle’s Uconnect system is that you can now take advantage of SiriusXM Guardian™ connected services.  To unlock the full potential of SiriusXM Guardian™ in your vehicle, you first need to activate SiriusXM Guardian™ connected services.  WARNING: ALWAYS obey traffic laws and pay attention to the road.  Your complete attention is always required while driving to maintain safe control of your vehicle.  Only use and interact with the features and applications when it is safe to do so.  Failure to follow these warnings can result in a collision and death or serious personal injury.  Note: SiriusXM Guardian™ involves the collection, transmission and use of data from your vehicle