Carpet Safety Information Always use carpet designed to fit your vehicle.  Only use carpet that does not interfere with the operation of the pedal assemblies.  Only operate the vehicle when the carpet is securely attached by the grommets so it cannot slip out of position and interfere with the pedal assemblies or impair safe operation of your vehicle in other ways.  WARNING: If operating the vehicle without carpet in place the floor may become hot, and there is a risk of burns.  An improperly attached, damaged, folded, or damaged grommets may cause your carpet to interfere with the accelerator, brake, or clutch pedals and cause a loss of vehicle control.  To prevent SERIOUS INJURY or DEATH: ALWAYS securely attach your carpet using the grommets.  ALWAYS make sure objects cannot fall or slide into the driver’s side floor area when the vehicle is moving.  Objects can become trapped under accelerator, brake, or clutch pedals and could cause a loss of vehicle control.  NEVER place any objects under the carpet (e.g., towels, keys, etc.).  These objects could change the position of the carpet and may cause interference with the accelerator, brake, or clutch pedals.  ONLY install carpet designed to fit your vehicle.  NEVER install carpet that cannot be properly attached and secured to your vehicle.  If the carpet needs to be replaced, only use manufacturer approved carpet for the specific make, model, and year of your vehicle.  If the vehicle carpet has been removed and re-installed, always properly attach carpet to the floor and check that the floor mat fasteners are secure to the vehicle carpet.  Fully depress each pedal to check for interference with the accelerator, brake, or clutch pedals then re-install the floor mats.  Front Carpets: Remove the front grommets.  Front carpet 1 — grommets pull the carpet out from the front to the rear.  Front carpet pulled away remove the grommets under the front seat.  First for the rear carpet and then the front carpet.  Front and rear carpet split under the back of the front seat, open the carpet split and then pull out the rear edge and slide the carpet to the front (do not remove the harness).  Rear underside of front seat carpet split finally open the carpet split around seat bracket and then remove the last two grommets.  When reinstalling carpet, perform these steps in reverse order, making sure that the carpet is tucked under the scuffs, B-pillar, and console, and then refasten the grommets.  Rear Carpet Remove the grommets under the front seat (one left and one right).  Carpet split then pull the carpet out, to the rear and open the carpet split around the front seat brackets.  Remove the rear Under Seat storage bin (if equipped), by removing the four bolts that hold it to the floor.  Remove the fastener bin from the rear floor, it is held in by clips.  Remove the jack and tools by turning the wing bolt counterclockwise, remove the wing bolt and then lift the assembly out from under the seat.  Lift carpet off of the rear retainers (one left and one right).  Rear retainers remove carpet from the vehicle.  When reinstalling the carpet, perform these steps in reverse order making sure that the carpet is tucked under the scuffs, B-pillar, console, and then refasten the grommets.