ELECTRO-HYDRAULIC POWER STEERING Your vehicle is equipped with an Electro-Hydraulic Power Steering system that will provide increased vehicle response and ease of maneuverability.  If the Electro-Hydraulic Power Steering system experiences a fault that prevents it from providing power steering assist, then the system will provide mechanical steering capability.  If the “SERVICE POWER STEERING” message and a flashing icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that the vehicle needs to be taken to an authorized dealer for service.  It is likely the vehicle has lost power steering assistanceIf the “POWER STEERING HOT” message and an icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that extreme steering maneuvers may have occurred, which caused an over temperature condition in the power steering system.  You will lose power steering assistance momentarily until the over temperature condition no longer exists.  Once driving conditions are safe, pull over and let vehicle idle for a few moments until the light turns off CAUTION: Extreme steering maneuvers may cause the electrically driven pump to reduce or stop power steering assistance in order to prevent damage to the system.  Normal operation will resume once the system is allowed to cool.  Note: Even if power steering assistance is no longer operational, it is still possible to steer the vehicle.  Under these conditions there will be a substantial increase in steering effort, especially at very low vehicle speeds and during parking maneuvers.  If the condition persists, see an authorized dealer for service.  Manual Activation Of The Rear View Camera Go to the Controls screen by pressing the Controls button located on the bottom of the Uconnect display, and then press Back Up Camera.  Press the Back Up Camera button to turn the Rear View Camera system on.  When the vehicle is shifted out of REVERSE with Camera delay turned off, the rear Camera mode is exited and the previous screen appears again.  When the vehicle is shifted out of REVERSE with Camera delay turned on, the rear Camera image will be displayed for up to 10 seconds unless the vehicle speed exceeds 8 mph (13 km/h), the transmission is shifted into PARK, the ignition is placed in the OFF position, or the touchscreen X button to disable display of the Rear View Camera image is pressed.  Whenever the Rear View Camera image is activated through the Back Up Camera button in the Controls menu, and the vehicle speed is greater than, or equal to 8 mph (13 km/h), a display timer for the image is initiated.  The image will continue to be displayed until the display timer exceeds 10 seconds.  When enabled, active guidelines are overlaid on the image to illustrate the width of the vehicle and its projected back up path based on the steering wheel position.  A dashed center line overlay indicates the center of the vehicle to assist with parking or aligning to a hitch/receiver.  Different colored zones indicate the distance to the rear of the vehicle.  The following table shows the approximate distances for each zone: Note: If the vehicle speed remains below 8 mph (13 km/h), the Rear View Camera image will be displayed continuously until deactivated via the touchscreen X button, the transmission is shifted into PARK, or the ignition is placed in the OFF position.  The touchscreen X button to disable display of the camera image is made available ONLY when the vehicle is not in REVERSE.  WARNING: Drivers must be careful when backing up even when using the ParkView Rear Back Up Camera.  Always check carefully behind your vehicle, and be sure to check for pedestrians, animals, other vehicles, obstructions, or blind spots before backing up.  You are responsible for the safety of your surroundings and must continue to pay attention while backing up.  Failure to do so can result in serious injury or death.  CAUTION: To avoid vehicle damage, ParkView should only be used as a parking aid.  The ParkView camera is unable to view every obstacle or object in your drive path.  To avoid vehicle damage, the vehicle must be driven slowly when using ParkView to be able to stop in time when an obstacle is seen.  It is recommended that the driver look frequently over his/her shoulder when using ParkView.  Note: If snow, ice, mud, or any foreign substance builds up on the camera lens, clean the lens, rinse with water, and dry with a soft cloth.  Do not cover the lens.  Electric Power Steering (EPS) Fault Warning Light This warning light will turn on when there's a fault with the EPS system WARNING: Continued operation with reduced assist could pose a safety risk to yourself and others.  Service should be obtained as soon as possible.