In some localities, it may be a legal requirement to pass an inspection of your vehicle's emissions control system.  Failure to pass could prevent vehicle registration.  Prolonged driving with the MIL on could cause further damage to the emission control system.  It could also affect fuel economy and driveability.  The vehicle must be serviced before any emissions tests can be performed.  If the MIL is flashing while the vehicle is running, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.  Cycle the ignition switch to the ON position, but do not crank or start the engine.  If you crank or start the engine, you will have to start this test over.  As soon as you cycle the ignition switch to the ON position, you will see the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) symbol come on as part of a normal bulb check.  Approximately 15 seconds later, one of two things will happen: The MIL will flash for about 10 seconds and then return to being fully illuminated until you turn OFF the ignition or start the engine.  This means that your vehicle's obd ii system is not ready and you should not proceed to the i/m station.  The MIL will not flash at all and will remain fully illuminated until you place the ignition in the off position or start the engine.  This means that your vehicle's obd ii system is ready and you can proceed to the i/m station.  This warning light will illuminate, and a chime will sound, to indicate low engine oil pressure.  If the light and chime turn on while driving, safely stop the vehicle and turn off the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the Oil Pressure Warning Light.  If the Oil Pressure Warning Light is still illuminated, turn the engine OFF and contact an authorized dealer for further assistance.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the light is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated but it is recommended to take the vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as possible.