Your vehicle may be equipped with a protective cover that is to be used whenever the windshield is folded down in order to protect the ACC/FCW sensor.  To install the cover, refer to the following instructions: If the “ACC/FCW Unavailable Wipe Front Radar Sensor” message occurs frequently (e.g.  more than once on every trip) without any snow, rain, mud, or other obstruction, have the radar sensor realigned at an authorized dealer.  The “ACC/FCW Unavailable Wipe Front Radar Sensor” warning will display and a chime will sound when conditions temporarily limit system performance.  Always keep the sensor clean.  Carefully wipe the sensor lens with a soft cloth.  Be cautious not to damage the sensor lens.  Do not remove any screws from the sensor.  Doing so could cause an ACC system malfunction or failure and require a sensor realignment.  If the sensor or front end of the vehicle is damaged due to a collision, see an authorized dealer for service.  Do not attach or install any accessories near the sensor, including transparent material or aftermarket grilles.  Doing so could cause an ACC system failure or malfunction.  If the “ACC/FCW Unavailable Wipe Front Radar Sensor” warning is active, Fixed Speed Cruise Control is still available.  The “ACC/FCW Limited Functionality Clean Front Windshield” warning will display and a chime will sound when conditions temporarily limit system performance.  This most often occurs at times of poor visibility, such as in snow or heavy rain and fog.  The ACC system may also become temporarily blinded due to obstructions, such as mud, dirt, or ice on windshield and fog on the inside of glass.  In these cases, the instrument cluster display will read “ACC/FCW Limited Functionality Clean Front Windshield” and the system will have degraded performance.  If the instrument cluster displays “ACC/FCW Limited Functionality” or “ACC/FCW Limited Functionality Clean Front Windshield” momentarily, there may be a condition that limits FCW functionality.  Although the vehicle is still drivable under normal conditions, the active braking may not be fully available.  Once the condition that limited the system performance is no longer present, the system will return to its full performance state.  If the problem persists, see an authorized dealer.  If the system turns off, and the instrument cluster display reads “ACC/FCW Unavailable Service Required” or “Cruise/FCW Unavailable Service Required”, there may be an internal system fault or a temporary malfunction that limits ACC functionality.  Although the vehicle is still drivable under normal conditions, ACC will be temporarily unavailable.  If this occurs, try activating ACC again later, following an ignition cycle.  If the problem persists, see an authorized dealer.  This message can sometimes be displayed while driving in adverse weather conditions.  The ACC/FCW system will recover after the vehicle has left these areas.  Under rare conditions, when the camera is not tracking any vehicles or objects in its path this warning may temporarily occur.  Changing the FCW status to “Only Warning” prevents the system from providing limited active braking, or additional brake support if the driver is not braking adequately in the event of a potential frontal collision, but maintains the audible and visual warnings.  Changing the FCW status to “Off” prevents the system from providing autonomous braking, or additional brake support if the driver is not braking adequately in the event of a potential frontal collision.  The system will retain the last setting selected by the driver after ignition shut down.  FCW may not react to irrelevant objects such as overhead objects, ground reflections, objects not in the path of the vehicle, stationary objects that are far away, oncoming traffic, or leading vehicles with the same or higher rates of speed.  FCW will be disabled like ACC, with the unavailable screens.