Special Care If you drive on salted or dusty roads or if you drive near the ocean, hose off the undercarriage at least once a month.  It is important that the drain holes in the lower edges of the doors, rocker panels, and trunk be kept clear and open.  If you detect any stone chips or scratches in the paint, touch them up immediately.  If your vehicle is damaged due to a collision or similar cause that destroys the paint and protective coating, have your vehicle repaired as soon as possible.  If you carry special cargo such as chemicals, fertilizers, de-icer salt, etc., be sure that such materials are well packaged and sealed.  If a lot of driving is done on gravel roads, consider mud or stone shields behind each wheel.  Use Mopar® Touch Up Paint on scratches as soon as possible.  An authorized dealer has touch up paint to match the color of your vehicle.  Washing Wash your vehicle regularly.  Always wash your vehicle in the shade using Mopar® Car Wash, or a mild car wash soap, and rinse the panels completely with water.  If insects, tar, or other similar deposits have accumulated on your vehicle, use Mopar® Super Kleen Bug and Tar Remover to remove.  Use a high quality cleaner wax, such as Mopar® Cleaner Wax, to remove road film and stains, and to protect your paint finish.  Use precautions to not scratch the paint.  Avoid using abrasive compounds and power buffing that may diminish the gloss or thin out the paint finish.  CAUTION: Do not use abrasive or strong cleaning materials, such as steel wool or scouring powder, that will scratch metal and painted surfaces.  Use of power washers exceeding 1,200 psi (8,274 kPa) can result in damage or removal of paint and decals.  Plastic And Coated Parts Use Mopar® Total Clean to clean vinyl upholstery.  CAUTION: Direct contact of air fresheners, insect repellents, suntan lotions, or hand sanitizers to the plastic, painted, or decorated surfaces of the interior may cause permanent damage.  Wipe away immediately.  Damage caused by these type of products may not be covered by your New Vehicle Limited Warranty.