Removing The Rear Window And Quarter Panel Cover Assemblies Start by removing the rear window first.  Use the two straps located on the bottom of each side of the rear window to remove the right and left vertical retainers, as well as the lower center retainer.  Step one (right side shown) step one while keeping the rear window level, slide it outward in either direction until it is completely separate from its retainer.  Do not pull downward while removing the rear window.  Damage to the retainer could result.  Store the rear window in the soft top rear window storage bag (if equipped), or in a safe locationStep two after removing the rear window, remove the quarter panel cover assemblies starting with either side.  Disengage the quarter panel cover assembly from the bottom by pulling the fabric at the bottom upward.  With two hands, grab the front of the quarter panel cover assembly and pull outward to disengage it from its retainer on the door frame.  Step four pull the quarter panel cover assembly up and out from the bottom, then pull it down and away from the vehicle to remove.  Step five repeat this procedure for the other quarter panel cover assembly.  Store the assemblies in the soft top rear window storage bag (if equipped), or a safe location.  Note: both quarter panel cover assemblies and the rear window must all be removed together, or installed together.  Installing The Rear Window And Quarter Panel Cover Assemblies If the rear window and quarter panel cover assemblies were previously removed, proceed as follows to install: Guide the top of the quarter panel cover assembly up into the retainer.  Step one caution: failure to follow all quarter panel cover assembly and rear window install steps could result in damage to the soft top or vehicle.  Engage the plastic retainers on the front of the cover assembly (toward the front of the vehicle) starting at the top, and working downward.  Step two note: it is critical that the retainers are fully engaged before the vehicle resumes motion.  Secure the hook-and-loop fastener at the upper front corner of each quarter panel cover assembly by pressing firmly.  Step three from either side, guide the rear window into the retainer while keeping the window level.  Step four engage the retainer along the bottom of the rear window beginning on the left side of the vehicle and working toward the center.  Then, move to the right side of the vehicle and continue from the center, working to the right until the rear window is secured in the lower retainer.  Step five engage the vertical retainers up the right and left side of the rear window.  Step six tuck the rear window under the soft top fabric and press firmly.  Step seven engage the rear window retainers in the lower right and left corners.  Note: both quarter panel cover assemblies and the rear window must all be removed together, or installed together.  CAUTION: Soft Top Rear Window Storage Bag — If Equipped To safely store the soft top rear window, proceed as follows: With the bag opened completely, fold the fabric divider downward and lay the rear window in the bottom of the bag.  Step one fold the divider upward, covering the rear window.  Step two lay the first quarter panel cover assembly all the way to the right side and the second quarter panel cover assembly on the left side.  Secure both using the two hook-and-loop fastener straps on each side.  Note: the quarter panel cover assemblies are marked “1” and “2” on the inside of the panel assembly.  Step three 1 — left quarter panel cover assembly 2 — right quarter panel cover assembly close the storage bag and store in a safe location.