If the “POWER STEERING HOT” message and an icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that extreme steering maneuvers may have occurred, which caused an over temperature condition in the power steering system.  You will lose power steering assistance momentarily until the over temperature condition no longer exists.  Once driving conditions are safe, pull over and let vehicle idle for a few moments until the light turns offIf the “SERVICE POWER STEERING” message and a flashing icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that the vehicle needs to be taken to an authorized dealer for service.  It is likely the vehicle has lost power steering assistance The “BRAKE!” screen in the instrument cluster display is a warning for the driver to take action and does not necessarily mean that the Forward Collision Warning system is applying the brakes autonomously.  The heated steering wheel button is located on the center of the instrument panel below the radio screen, and within the Climate or Controls screen of the touchscreen.  The steering wheel contains a heating element that helps warm your hands in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel has only one temperature setting.  Once the heated steering wheel has been turned on, it will stay on until the operator turns it off.  The heated steering wheel may not turn on when it is already warm.  If you continue operating the vehicle when the Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated you could cause the fluid to boil over, come in contact with hot engine or exhaust components and cause a fire.  If you continue to operate the vehicle when the CLUTCH HOT message is displayed or Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated, you could cause the clutch to overheat and cause a fire.  Setting Name Description Auto-On Driver Heated/Ventilated Seat & Heated Steering Wheel With Vehicle Start This setting will activate the vehicle’s comfort system and heated seats or heated steering wheel when the vehicle is remote started or ignition is started.  The “Off” setting will not activate the comfort systems.  The “Remote Start” setting will only activate the comfort systems when using Remote Start.  The “All Start” setting will activate the comfort systems whenever the vehicle is started.  This warning light will turn on when there's a fault with the EPS system The heated seat control buttons are located on the center instrument panel below the touchscreen and also in the Climate Control touchscreen menu.  Press the heated steering wheel button once to turn the heating element on.  Press the heated steering wheel button a second time to turn the heating element off.