To Turn Off The Engine Using The ENGINE START/STOP Button Place the gear selector in PARK, then push and release the ENGINE START/STOP button.  The ignition will return to the OFF position.  If the gear selector is not in PARK (with vehicle stopped) and the ENGINE START/STOP button is pushed once, the transmission will automatically select PARK and the engine will turn off, however the ignition will remain in the ACC position (NOT the OFF position).  Never leave a vehicle out of the PARK position, or it could roll.  If the gear selector is in NEUTRAL, and the vehicle speed is below 5 mph (8 km/h), pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once will turn the engine off.  the ignition will remain in the ACC position If the vehicle speed is above 5 mph (8 km/h), the ENGINE START/STOP button must be held for two seconds (or three short pushes in a row) to turn the engine off.  The ignition will remain in the ACC position (NOT the OFF position) if the engine is turned off when the transmission is not in PARK.  Note: The system will automatically time out and the ignition will cycle to the OFF position after 30 minutes of inactivity if the ignition is left in the ACC or RUN (engine not running) position and the transmission is in PARK.  When the Key Off Options/Engine Off Options button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to vehicle shutoff.  These settings will only activate when the ignition is set to OFF.  Note: depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  Oil Pressure Warning Light This warning light will illuminate, and a chime will sound, to indicate low engine oil pressure.  If the light and chime turn on while driving, safely stop the vehicle and turn off the engine as soon as possible.  After the vehicle is safely stopped, restart the engine and monitor the Oil Pressure Warning Light.  If the Oil Pressure Warning Light is still illuminated, turn the engine OFF and contact an authorized dealer for further assistance.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  If the light is no longer illuminated, the engine can be operated but it is recommended to take the vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Do not operate the vehicle until the cause is corrected.  This light does not indicate how much oil is in the engine.  The engine oil level must be checked under the hood.