Only use the positive battery post on the main battery to jump start your vehicle.  Serious injury or death could result if you attempt to jump start using the supplemental battery.  Battery gas is flammable and explosive.  Keep flame or sparks away from the battery.  Do not use a booster battery or any other booster source with an output greater than 12 Volts.  Do not allow cable clamps to touch each other.  Battery posts, terminals, and related accessories contain lead and lead compounds.  Wash hands after handling.  If a “fast charger” is used while the battery is in the vehicle, disconnect both vehicle battery cables before connecting the charger to the battery.  Do not use a “fast charger” to provide starting.  Your vehicle may be equipped with a secondary battery used to power the Stop/Start system and the 12 Volt vehicle electrical system.  The secondary battery is located behind the wheel well for the front passenger wheel.  If your vehicle has a discharged battery, it can be jump started using a set of jumper cables and a battery in another vehicle, or by using a portable battery booster pack.  Jump starting can be dangerous if done improperly, so please follow the procedures in this section carefully.  Battery fluid is a corrosive acid solution and can burn or even blind you.  Do not allow battery fluid to contact your eyes, skin, or clothing.  Do not lean over a battery when attaching clamps.  If acid splashes in eyes or on skin, flush the area immediately with large amounts of water Battery gas is flammable and explosive.  Keep flame or sparks away from the battery.  Do not use a booster battery or any other booster source with an output greater than 12 Volts.  Do not allow cable clamps to touch each other.  Battery posts, terminals, and related accessories contain lead and lead compounds.  Wash hands after handling.  Vehicles with the Stop/Start system will be equipped with two batteries.  Both the main and the supplemental batteries must be disconnected to completely de-energize the 12 Volt electrical system.  Serious injury or death could result if you do not disconnect both batteries.  To learn how to properly disconnect, see an authorized dealer.