With Remote Start, the engine will only run for 15 minutes.  Remote Start can only be used twice.  If an engine fault is present or fuel level is low, the vehicle will start and then shut down in 10 seconds.  The parking lights will turn on and remain on during Remote Start mode.  For security, power window operation is disabled when the vehicle is in the Remote Start mode.  The ignition must be placed in the ON/RUN position before the Remote Start sequence can be repeated for a third cycle.  The Remote Vehicle Start feature provides you with the ability to start the engine on your vehicle without the keys and from virtually any distance.  Once started, the preset climate controls in your vehicle can warm up or cool down the interior.  This system uses the key fob to start the engine conveniently from outside the vehicle while still maintaining security.  The system has a range of 328 ft (100 m).  This system uses the key fob to start the engine conveniently from outside the vehicle while still maintaining security.  The system has a range of approximately 328 ft (100 m).  The vehicle must be equipped with an automatic transmission to be equipped with Remote Start.  Obstructions between the vehicle and the key fob may reduce this range.  The Remote Start system will wait for the Wait To Start yellow telltale to extinguish before cranking the engine This allows time for the engine preheat cycle to heat the cylinder air, and is normal in cold weather.  You can also send a command to turn off an engine that has been started using Remote Vehicle Start.  After 15 minutes, if you have not entered your vehicle with the key, the engine will shut off automatically.  When Remote Start is active, and the outside ambient temperature is 40°F (4.5°C) or below, the system will automatically activate front defrost for 15 minutes or less.  The time is dependent on the ambient temperature.  Once the timer expires, the system will automatically adjust the settings depending on ambient conditions.  See “Remote Start Comfort Systems — If Equipped” in the next section for detailed operation.  The Remote Start system will turn the engine off if the Remote Start button on the key fob is pushed again, or if the engine is allowed to run for the entire 15 minute cycle.  Once the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN position, the climate controls will resume previously set operations (temperature, blower control, etc.).  To drive the vehicle after starting the Remote Start system, either push and release the unlock button on the key fob to unlock the doors, or unlock the vehicle using Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ — Passive Entry via the door handles, and disarm the Vehicle Security system (if equipped).  Then, prior to the end of the 15 minute cycle, push and release the START/STOP ignition button.  These features will stay on through the duration of Remote Start, or until the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN position.  The climate control settings will change if manually adjusted by the driver while the vehicle is in remote start mode.  This includes turning the climate controls off using the OFF button.