Door Frame Removal Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver and ratchet, loosen the Torx head fasteners located on the underside of each door hinge (two per door), and remove the fasteners by pulling downward.  Step one note: the fasteners will not fall out once completely loose, as they are held in place by design.  Step one lift the frame upward, removing it from the vehicle.  Step two store the fasteners in a secure location.  Repeat the procedure on the front door frame.  Note: The rear door frames must be removed first, followed by the front door frames.  WARNING: Do not drive your vehicle on public roads with the door and/or door frame(s) removed as you will lose the protection that they can provide.  This procedure is furnished for use during off-road operation only.  DOOR FRAME — IF EQUIPPED WITH A SOFT TOP WARNING: Do not drive your vehicle on public roads with the door frame(s) removed as you will lose the protection that they can provide.  This procedure is furnished for use during off-road operation only.  CAUTION: Failure to follow these cautions may cause interior water damage, stains or mildew: Opening a door or lowering a window while the top is wet may allow water to drip into the vehicle's interior.  Careless handling and storage of the removable door frame(s) may damage the seals, causing water to leak into the vehicle's interior.  The door frame(s) must be positioned properly to ensure sealing.  Improper installation can cause water to leak into the vehicle's interior.  Door Frame Installation Install the front door frame first.  Ensure the windshield is in the “up” position.  Carefully place the front door frame in the rubber seal at the top of the windshield, and line up the holes for the Torx head fasteners (two for each door).  Swing the frame bracket around the side of the door frame, and insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the following table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.  Tighten fasteners target torque specification for torx fasteners maximum minimum 44.2 in-lb (5 n·m) 53.1 in-lb (6 n·m) 35.4 in-lb (4 n·m) caution: do not overtighten torx fasteners.  You can strip the fasteners if they are overtightened.  Set the rear door frame pin into the hole on top of the body side, just behind the rear door opening.  Carefully position the top of the door frame onto the rear belt rail and the rear of the front door frame, making sure the rubber seals lie flat.  Ensure the seals are installed correctly to avoid water leaks.  Step five step five insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the previous table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.