The ABS is activated during braking when the system detects one or more wheels are beginning to lock.  Road conditions such as ice, snow, gravel, bumps, railroad tracks, loose debris, or panic stops may increase the likelihood of ABS activation(s).  You also may experience the following normal characteristics when the ABS activates: If the ABS Warning Light is on, the brake system should be serviced as soon as possible to restore the benefits of Anti-Lock Brakes.  If the ABS Warning Light does not come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, have the light repaired as soon as possible.  This warning light monitors the ABS.  The light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  The yellow ABS Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  Vehicles equipped with the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) are also equipped with Electronic Brake Force Distribution (EBD).  In the event of an EBD failure, the Brake Warning Light will turn on along with the ABS Light.  Immediate repair to the ABS system is required.  If the ABS light does not turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position, have the brake system inspected by an authorized dealer.  The ABS performs a self-check cycle to ensure that the ABS is working properly each time the vehicle is started and driven.  During this self-check, you may hear a slight clicking sound, as well as some related motor noises.  The ABS provides increased vehicle stability and brake performance under most braking conditions.  The system automatically prevents wheel lock and enhances vehicle control during braking.  The BAS is designed to optimize the vehicle’s braking capability during emergency braking maneuvers.  The system detects an emergency braking situation by sensing the rate and amount of brake application, and then applies optimum pressure to the brakes.  This can help reduce braking distances.  The BAS complements the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) by applying the brakes very quickly, creating the most efficient braking assistance possible.  To receive the benefit of the system, you must apply continuous braking pressure during the stopping sequence (do not “pump” the brakes).  Do not reduce brake pedal pressure unless braking is no longer desired.  Once the brake pedal is released, the BAS is deactivated.