When making a selection, only press one button at a time to enter the desired menu.  Once in the desired menu, press and release the preferred setting option until a check mark appears next to the setting, showing that setting has been selected.  Once the setting is complete, press the X button on the touchscreen to close out of the settings screen.  Pressing the Up or Down Arrow button on the right side of the screen will allow you to toggle up or down through the available settings.  The Favorites menu provides a means to edit the Favorites list and to configure the Alert Settings, along with providing a list of Channels currently airing any of the items in the Favorites list.  They allow you to change the Main Screen area and Menu Title area.  The seat can be adjusted forward or rearward by using a bar located by the front of the seat cushion, near the floor.  While sitting in the seat, lift up on the bar located under the seat cushion and move the seat forward or rearward.  Release the bar once you have reached the desired position.  Then, using body pressure, move forward and rearward on the seat to be sure that the seat adjusters have latched.  Press the Game Zone button, located at the left of the Browse screen.  This feature provides you with the ability to select teams, edit the selection, and set alerts.  Press the Favorites button on the touchscreen to activate the favorites menu, which will time out within 20 seconds in absence of user interaction.  Press the apps button to open the app screen.  Press and hold, then drag the selected app to replace an existing shortcut in the main menu bar.  Push the ok button to access/select the information screens or submenu screens of a main menu item.  To reset displayed/selected features push and hold the ok button for two seconds.  Once in the Browse Presets screen, you can scroll the preset list by rotation of the TUNE/SCROLL knob or by pressing the Up or Down Arrow key, located on the right of the screen.  Using the up or down arrow button allow you to cycle through the main menu items.