The Air Conditioning (A/C) button allows the operator to manually activate or deactivate the air conditioning system.  When the air conditioning system is turned on, cool dehumidified air will flow through the outlets into the cabin.  If the light turns on while driving, safely pull over and stop the vehicle.  If the Air Conditioning (A/C) system is on, turn it off.  Also, shift the transmission into NEUTRAL and idle the vehicle.  If the temperature reading does not return to normal, turn the engine off immediately and call for service Press and release this button to turn the Climate Control ON/OFF.  When the Key Off Options/Engine Off Options button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to vehicle shutoff.  These settings will only activate when the ignition is set to OFF.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  Press and release this button on the touchscreen, or push and release the button on the blower knob to turn the Climate Control ON/OFF.  To Turn Off The Engine Using The ENGINE START/STOP Button Push the A/C button to engage the Air Conditioning (A/C).  The A/C indicator illuminates when A/C is on.  Push of the ESC OFF Button: Traction Control will turn off, but Stability Control will remain active.  Hold the ESC OFF Button for five seconds: Traction Control and Stability Control will turn off.  The ESC Activation/Malfunction Indicator Light and the ESC OFF Indicator Light come on momentarily each time the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode.  Each time the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN position, the ESC system will be on even if it was turned off previously.  The ESC system will make buzzing or clicking sounds when it is active.  This is normal; the sounds will stop when ESC becomes inactive following the maneuver that caused the ESC activation.  On the highways — slow down.  In city traffic — while stopped, place the transmission in NEUTRAL (N), but do not increase the engine idle speed while preventing vehicle motion with the brakes.  If your Air Conditioner (A/C) is on, turn it off.  The A/C system adds heat to the engine cooling system and turning the A/C off can help remove this heat.  You can also turn the temperature control to maximum heat, the mode control to floor and the blower control to high.  This allows the heater core to act as a supplement to the radiator and aids in removing heat from the engine cooling system.