Safety Both underinflation and overinflation affect the stability of the vehicle and can produce a feeling of sluggish response or over responsiveness in the steering.  WARNING: Improperly inflated tires are dangerous and can cause collisions.  Underinflation increases tire flexing and can result in overheating and tire failure.  Overinflation reduces a tire's ability to cushion shock.  Objects on the road and chuckholes can cause damage that result in tire failure.  Overinflated or underinflated tires can affect vehicle handling and can fail suddenly, resulting in loss of vehicle control.  Unequal tire pressures can cause steering problems.  You could lose control of your vehicle.  Unequal tire pressures from one side of the vehicle to the other can cause the vehicle to drift to the right or left.  Always drive with each tire inflated to the recommended cold tire inflation pressure.  Note: Unequal tire pressures from side to side may cause erratic and unpredictable steering response.  Unequal tire pressure from side to side may cause the vehicle to drift left or right.  FOUR–WHEEL DRIVE OPERATION WARNING: Failure to engage a transfer case position completely can cause transfer case damage or loss of power and vehicle control.  You could have a collision.  Do not drive the vehicle unless the transfer case is fully engaged.  ROLLOVER WARNING Utility vehicles have a significantly higher rollover rate than other types of vehicles.  This vehicle has a higher ground clearance and a higher center of gravity than many passenger vehicles.  It is capable of performing better in a wide variety of off-road applications.  Driven in an unsafe manner, all vehicles can go out of control.  Because of the higher center of gravity, if this vehicle is out of control it may roll over while some other vehicles may not.  Do not attempt sharp turns, abrupt maneuvers, or other unsafe driving actions that can cause loss of vehicle control.  Failure to operate this vehicle safely may result in a collision, rollover of the vehicle, and severe or fatal injury.  Drive carefully.  Failure to use the driver and passenger seat belts provided is a major cause of severe or fatal injury.  In fact, the US government notes that the universal use of existing seat belts could cut the highway death toll by 10,000 or more each year and could reduce disabling injuries by two million annually.  In a rollover crash, an unbelted person is significantly more likely to die than a person wearing a seat belt.  Always buckle up.