Connected Vehicles Privacy of any wireless and wired communications cannot be assured.  Third parties may unlawfully intercept information and private communications without your consent.  For further information, refer to “Data Collection & Privacy” in your Uconnect Radio Instruction Manual or “Onboard Diagnostic System (OBD II) Cybersecurity” WARNING: It is not possible to know or to predict all of the possible outcomes if your vehicle’s systems are breached.  It may be possible that vehicle systems, including safety related systems, could be impaired or a loss of vehicle control could occur that may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  CYBERSECURITY Depending on applicability, your vehicle may be able to send or receive information from a wired or wireless network.  This information allows systems and features in your vehicle to function properly.  Your vehicle may be equipped with certain security features to reduce the risk of unauthorized and unlawful access to vehicle systems and wireless communications.  Vehicle software technology continues to evolve over time and FCA US LLC, working with its suppliers, evaluates and takes appropriate steps as needed.  As always, if you experience unusual behavior, contact an authorized dealer immediately, "⇨if you need assistance" , or refer to your uconnect radio instruction manual for additional contact information.  The risk of unauthorized and unlawful access to your vehicle systems may still exist, even if the most recent version of vehicle software (such as Uconnect software) is installed.  WARNING: ONLY insert trusted media devices/components into your vehicle.  Media of unknown origin could possibly contain malicious software, and if installed in your vehicle, it may increase the possibility for vehicle systems to be breached.  As always, if you experience unusual vehicle behavior, contact an authorized dealer immediately.  Note: to help further improve user experience, features, stability, etc., and minimize the potential risk of a security breach, vehicle owners should routinely check www.driveuconnect.com (us residents) or www.driveuconnect.ca (canadian residents) to learn about available uconnect software updates.  VEHICLE SECURITY SYSTEM — IF EQUIPPED The Vehicle Security system monitors the vehicle doors for unauthorized entry and the ignition switch for unauthorized operation.  When the system is activated, the interior switches for door locks are disabled.  The Vehicle Security system provides both audible and visible signals.  If something triggers the alarm, the Vehicle Security system will provide the following audible and visible signals: the horn will pulse, the parking lights and/or turn signals will flash, and the Vehicle Security Light in the instrument cluster will flash.