If the ABS light does not turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position, have the brake system inspected by an authorized dealer.  The BAS is designed to optimize the vehicle’s braking capability during emergency braking maneuvers.  The system detects an emergency braking situation by sensing the rate and amount of brake application, and then applies optimum pressure to the brakes.  This can help reduce braking distances.  The BAS complements the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) by applying the brakes very quickly, creating the most efficient braking assistance possible.  To receive the benefit of the system, you must apply continuous braking pressure during the stopping sequence (do not “pump” the brakes).  Do not reduce brake pedal pressure unless braking is no longer desired.  Once the brake pedal is released, the BAS is deactivated.  Vehicles equipped with the Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) are also equipped with Electronic Brake Force Distribution (EBD).  In the event of an EBD failure, the Brake Warning Light will turn on along with the ABS Light.  Immediate repair to the ABS system is required.  The ABS is activated during braking when the system detects one or more wheels are beginning to lock.  Road conditions such as ice, snow, gravel, bumps, railroad tracks, loose debris, or panic stops may increase the likelihood of ABS activation(s).  If the ABS Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the anti-lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and that service is required.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally if the ABS Warning Light is on.  The ABS provides increased vehicle stability and brake performance under most braking conditions.  The system automatically prevents wheel lock and enhances vehicle control during braking.  The ABS performs a self-check cycle to ensure that the ABS is working properly each time the vehicle is started and driven.  During this self-check, you may hear a slight clicking sound, as well as some related motor noises.  The ABS contains sophisticated electronic equipment that may be susceptible to interference caused by improperly installed or high output radio transmitting equipment.  This interference can cause possible loss of anti-lock braking capability.  Installation of such equipment should be performed by qualified professionals.  Pumping of the Anti-Lock Brakes will diminish their effectiveness and may lead to a collision.  Pumping makes the stopping distance longer.  Just press firmly on your brake pedal when you need to slow down or stop.  The ABS cannot prevent the natural laws of physics from acting on the vehicle, nor can it increase braking or steering efficiency beyond that afforded by the condition of the vehicle brakes and tires or the traction afforded.  The ABS cannot prevent collisions, including those resulting from excessive speed in turns, following another vehicle too closely, or hydroplaning.  The capabilities of an ABS equipped vehicle must never be exploited in a reckless or dangerous manner that could jeopardize the user’s safety or the safety of others.  The ABS is designed to function with the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) tires.  Modification may result in degraded ABS performance.  Your vehicle is equipped with an advanced Electronic Brake Control (EBC) system.  This system includes Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS), Brake Assist System (BAS), Electronic Brake Force Distribution (EBD), Electronic Roll Mitigation (ERM), Electronic Stability Control (ESC), Hill Start Assist (HSA), and Traction Control System (TCS).  These systems work together to enhance both vehicle stability and control in various driving conditions.