IF YOUR ENGINE OVERHEATS If the vehicle is overheating, it will need to be serviced by an authorized dealer.  Potential signs of vehicle overheating: temperature gauge is at hot (h) strong smell of coolant white smoke coming from engine or exhaust coolant bottle coolant has bubbles present in the event it is observed that the temperature gauge is moving towards or close to the hot (h) position, you can reduce the potential for overheating by taking the appropriate action.  On the highways — slow down.  In city traffic — while stopped, place the transmission in NEUTRAL (N), but do not increase the engine idle speed while preventing vehicle motion with the brakes.  If your Air Conditioner (A/C) is on, turn it off.  The A/C system adds heat to the engine cooling system and turning the A/C off can help remove this heat.  You can also turn the temperature control to maximum heat, the mode control to floor and the blower control to high.  This allows the heater core to act as a supplement to the radiator and aids in removing heat from the engine cooling system.  WARNING: You or others can be badly burned by hot engine coolant (antifreeze) or steam from your radiator.  If you see or hear steam coming from under the hood, do not open the hood until the radiator has had time to cool.  Never try to open a cooling system pressure cap when the radiator or coolant bottle is hot.  CAUTION: Driving with a hot cooling system could damage your vehicle.  If the temperature gauge reads “H,” pull over and stop the vehicle.  Idle the vehicle with the air conditioner turned off until the pointer drops back into the normal range.  If the pointer remains on the “H” and you hear continuous chimes, turn the engine off immediately and call for service.  Engine Coolant Temperature Warning Light This warning light warns of an overheated engine condition.  If the engine coolant temperature is too high, this indicator will illuminate and a single chime will sound.  If the temperature reaches the upper limit, a continuous chime will sound for four minutes or until the engine is able to cool; whichever comes first.  If the light turns on while driving, safely pull over and stop the vehicle.  If the Air Conditioning (A/C) system is on, turn it off.  Also, shift the transmission into NEUTRAL and idle the vehicle.  If the temperature reading does not return to normal, turn the engine off immediately and call for service Engine Check/Malfunction Indicator Warning Light (MIL) The Engine Check/Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) is a part of an Onboard Diagnostic System called OBD II that monitors engine and automatic transmission control systems.  This warning light will illuminate when the ignition is in the ON/RUN position before engine start.  If the bulb does not come on when turning the ignition switch from OFF to ON/RUN, have the condition checked promptly.  Certain conditions, such as a loose or missing gas cap, poor quality fuel, etc., may illuminate the light after engine start.  The vehicle should be serviced if the light stays on through several typical driving styles.  In most situations, the vehicle will drive normally and will not require towing.  When the engine is running, the MIL may flash to alert serious conditions that could lead to immediate loss of power or severe catalytic converter damage.  The vehicle should be serviced by an authorized dealer as soon as possible if this occurs.  WARNING: A malfunctioning catalytic converter, as previously referenced, can reach higher temperatures than in normal operating conditions.  This can cause a fire if you drive slowly or park over flammable substances such as dry plants, wood, cardboard, etc.  This could result in death or serious injury to the driver, occupants or others.  CAUTION: Prolonged driving with the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) on could cause damage to the vehicle control system.  It also could affect fuel economy and driveability.  If the MIL is flashing, severe catalytic converter damage and power loss will soon occur.  Immediate service is required.