If the “POWER STEERING HOT” message and an icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that extreme steering maneuvers may have occurred, which caused an over temperature condition in the power steering system.  You will lose power steering assistance momentarily until the over temperature condition no longer exists.  Once driving conditions are safe, pull over and let vehicle idle for a few moments until the light turns offThe heated steering wheel button is located on the center of the instrument panel below the radio screen, and within the Climate or Controls screen of the touchscreen.  If the “SERVICE POWER STEERING” message and a flashing icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that the vehicle needs to be taken to an authorized dealer for service.  It is likely the vehicle has lost power steering assistance The steering wheel contains a heating element that helps warm your hands in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel has only one temperature setting.  Once the heated steering wheel has been turned on, it will stay on until the operator turns it off.  The heated steering wheel may not turn on when it is already warm.  When Remote Start is activated, the front and rear defrost will automatically turn on in cold weather.  The heated steering wheel and driver heated seat feature will also turn on if programmed in the Comfort menu screen within Uconnect Settings The heated seat control buttons are located on the center instrument panel below the touchscreen and also in the Climate Control touchscreen menu.  If you continue operating the vehicle when the Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated you could cause the fluid to boil over, come in contact with hot engine or exhaust components and cause a fire.  If you continue to operate the vehicle when the CLUTCH HOT message is displayed or Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated, you could cause the clutch to overheat and cause a fire.  Press the heated steering wheel button once to turn the heating element on.  Press the heated steering wheel button a second time to turn the heating element off.  When the SET (+) or the SET (-) button (located on the steering wheel) is pushed, the display will read “ACC SET.” The Phone button on your steering wheel is used to get into the Phone Mode and make calls, show recent, incoming or outgoing calls, view phonebook, etc.  When you push the button you will hear a BEEP.  The BEEP is your signal to give a command.