You or others could be injured or killed if you leave the vehicle unattended with the transfer case in the N (Neutral) position without first fully engaging the parking brake.  The transfer case N (Neutral) position disengages both the front and rear driveshafts from the powertrain, and will allow the vehicle to roll, even if the automatic transmission is in PARK (or manual transmission is in gear).  The parking brake should always be applied when the driver is not in the vehicle.  You or others could be injured if you leave the vehicle unattended without having the parking brake fully applied.  The parking brake should always be applied when the driver is not in the vehicle, especially on an incline.  Never use the PARK position on an automatic transmission as a substitute for the parking brake.  Always apply the parking brake fully when parked to guard against vehicle movement and possible injury or damage.  When exiting the vehicle, always remove the key fob from the vehicle and lock your vehicle.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle, or in a location accessible to children.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.  Be sure the parking brake is fully disengaged before driving; failure to do so can lead to brake failure and a collision.  Always fully apply the parking brake when leaving your vehicle or it may roll and cause damage or injury.  Also, be certain to leave an automatic transmission in PARK, a manual transmission in REVERSE or FIRST gear.  Failure to do so may cause the vehicle to roll and cause damage or injury.  Always do a visual check that your vehicle is in park by looking for the “p” in the instrument cluster display and on the gear selector.  As an added precaution, always apply the parking brake when exiting the vehicle.