When the fuel nozzle “clicks” or shuts off, the fuel tank is full.  Tighten the fuel filler cap about a quarter turn until you hear one click.  This is an indication that the cap is properly tightened.  If the fuel filler cap is not tightened properly, the MIL will come on.  Be sure the cap is tightened every time the vehicle is refueled.  Install the front door frame first.  Ensure the windshield is in the “up” position.  Carefully place the front door frame in the rubber seal at the top of the windshield, and line up the holes for the Torx head fasteners (two for each door).  Swing the frame bracket around the side of the door frame, and insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the following table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.  Tighten Fasteners Target Torque Specification For Torx Fasteners Maximum Minimum 44.2 in-lb (5 N·m) 53.1 in-lb (6 N·m) 35.4 in-lb (4 N·m) Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  You can strip the fasteners if they are overtightened.  Set the rear door frame pin into the hole on top of the body side, just behind the rear door opening.  Carefully position the top of the door frame onto the rear belt rail and the rear of the front door frame, making sure the rubber seals lie flat.  Ensure the seals are installed correctly to avoid water leaks.  Step Five Step Five Insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the previous table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.  Tighten the lug nuts/bolts in a star pattern until each nut/bolt has been tightened twice.  Ensure that the socket is fully engaged on the lug nut/bolt (do not insert it halfway).  Using the provided #T40 Torx head driver and ratchet, loosen the Torx head fasteners located on the underside of each door hinge (two per door), and remove the fasteners by pulling downward.  Step One The fasteners will not fall out once completely loose, as they are held in place by design.  Step One Lift the frame upward, removing it from the vehicle.  Step Two Store the fasteners in a secure location.  Repeat the procedure on the front door frame.  1 — Corner Fasteners 2 — Rear Fasteners Loosen the fasteners from the engine air cleaner filter cover using a suitable tool.  Engine Air Cleaner Filter Cover 1 — Fasteners 2 — Engine Air Cleaner Filter Cover Lift the engine air cleaner filer cover to access the engine air cleaner filter.  Remove the engine air cleaner filter from the housing assembly.  engine air cleaner filter cover