To enter the “Partial Off” mode, momentarily push the ESC OFF button and the ESC OFF Indicator Light will illuminate.  To turn the ESC on again, momentarily push the ESC OFF button and the ESC OFF Indicator Light will turn off.  When a door is open and the interior lights are on, rotating the instrument panel dimmer control to the extreme bottom position will cause all the interior lights to turn off.  This allows the doors to stay open for extended periods of time without discharging the vehicle’s battery.  The Automatic Headlight System will turn the headlights on or off according to ambient light levels.  To turn the system on, rotate the headlight switch clockwise to the last detent for automatic headlight operation.  When the system is on, the headlight time delay feature is also on.  This means the headlights will stay on for up to 90 seconds (programmable through the uconnect settings "⇨uconnect settings" ) after you place the ignition into the off position.  To turn the automatic system off, move the headlight switch out of the AUTO position.  The Interior Courtesy Lights will turn on when the front doors are opened, by rotating the instrument panel dimmer control (dial on the right) on the headlight switch fully upward while the doors are closed, or if equipped, when the unlock button is pushed on the key fob.  Turn off redundant lights (interior or exterior) Check what may be plugged in to power outlets +12 Volt, 115 Volts AC, USB ports Check HVAC settings (blower, temperature) Check the audio settings (volume) When the left or right turn signal is activated, the turn signal indicator will flash independently and the corresponding exterior turn signal lamps will flash.  Turn signals can be activated when the multifunction lever is moved down (left) or up (right).  Reduce power to unnecessary loads if possible: Turn off redundant lights (interior or exterior) Check what may be plugged in to power outlets +12 Volt, 115 Volts AC, USB ports Check HVAC settings (blower, temperature) Check the audio settings (volume) When the Lights button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to the vehicle’s exterior and interior lights.  When the “Daytime Running Lights” feature is selected, the daytime running lights can be turned on or off.  This feature is only allowed by law in the country of the vehicle purchase.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  Can someone else locate my vehicle?  Your vehicle may be located by anyone who has your PIN and access to your account.  It is your responsibility to guard your PIN accordingly.  See the Uconnect and SiriusXM Guardian™ terms of service for more information.  How long does it take to sound my horn and flash the lights?  Depending on various conditions, it can take three minutes or more for the request to get through to your vehicle.  How do I turn off the horn and lights after I turn them on?  If you are close enough to the vehicle, you can use the key fob to turn off the horn and lights by pushing the red Panic button.  How long does it take to sound my horn and flash the lights?  Depending on various conditions, it can take three minutes or more for the request to get through to your vehicle.  Which is faster, my key fob or the Vehicle Branded App?  Your key fob will sound the horn and flash the lights quicker; however, its range is limited.  How do I turn off the horn and lights after I turn them on?  If you are close enough to the vehicle, you can use the key fob to turn off the horn and lights by pressing the red Panic button.  Otherwise, Remote Horn & Lights will continue for a maximum of three minutes.  Why can’t all mobile devices use the Vehicle Branded App?  The Vehicle Branded App has been designed to work on most devices with the Apple® and Android™ operating systems.  The capabilities of these devices allow us to remotely command your vehicle.  Other operating systems may be supported in the future.