Only use the positive battery post on the main battery to jump start your vehicle.  Serious injury or death could result if you attempt to jump start using the supplemental battery.  Battery gas is flammable and explosive.  Keep flame or sparks away from the battery.  Do not use a booster battery or any other booster source with an output greater than 12 Volts.  Do not allow cable clamps to touch each other.  Battery posts, terminals, and related accessories contain lead and lead compounds.  Wash hands after handling.  If a “fast charger” is used while the battery is in the vehicle, disconnect both vehicle battery cables before connecting the charger to the battery.  Do not use a “fast charger” to provide starting.  Battery fluid is a corrosive acid solution and can burn or even blind you.  Do not allow battery fluid to contact your eyes, skin, or clothing.  Do not lean over a battery when attaching clamps.  If acid splashes in eyes or on skin, flush the area immediately with large amounts of water Battery gas is flammable and explosive.  Keep flame or sparks away from the battery.  Do not use a booster battery or any other booster source with an output greater than 12 Volts.  Do not allow cable clamps to touch each other.  Battery posts, terminals, and related accessories contain lead and lead compounds.  Wash hands after handling.  Vehicles with the Stop/Start system will be equipped with two batteries.  Both the main and the supplemental batteries must be disconnected to completely de-energize the 12 Volt electrical system.  Serious injury or death could result if you do not disconnect both batteries.  To learn how to properly disconnect, see an authorized dealer.  You must isolate the supplemental battery connection point, as well as the main battery terminal from the post, as shown in the image, to fully de-energize both batteries for storage.  If assistance is needed to disconnect the battery system, see an authorized dealer.  Do not disconnect the Intelligent Battery Sensor (IBS), or your Stop/Start system may not function for up to 24 hours, due to the IBS being set into learn mode.