To remove the half-doors, repeat the installation steps in reverse order.  Install the front door frame first.  Ensure the windshield is in the “up” position.  Carefully place the front door frame in the rubber seal at the top of the windshield, and line up the holes for the Torx head fasteners (two for each door).  Swing the frame bracket around the side of the door frame, and insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the following table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.  Tighten Fasteners Target Torque Specification For Torx Fasteners Maximum Minimum 44.2 in-lb (5 N·m) 53.1 in-lb (6 N·m) 35.4 in-lb (4 N·m) Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  You can strip the fasteners if they are overtightened.  Set the rear door frame pin into the hole on top of the body side, just behind the rear door opening.  Carefully position the top of the door frame onto the rear belt rail and the rear of the front door frame, making sure the rubber seals lie flat.  Ensure the seals are installed correctly to avoid water leaks.  Step Five Step Five Insert the fasteners from underneath.  Tighten with the #T40 Torx head driver until they are snug, being careful not to cross-thread the fasteners or overtighten.  Refer to the previous table for the appropriate torque specifications for the door frame fasteners.  If the check arm is stuck inside the door, follow these instructions to install the check arm.  To reinstall the door(s), perform the previous steps in the reverse order.  This vehicle may be equipped with half-doors.  To install the half-doors in the vehicle, follow the instruction sheet packaged in the box the doors were received in.  Replacement parts may be purchased through Mopar® Service.  To install the front door exterior mirrors on the half-doors, proceed as follows: To install the front or rear half-doors, proceed as follows: Locate the service hole in the center of each plug of the lower half-door (two on each front and rear door).  Place a tool (hook tool or trim stick is recommended) in the service hole.  Place Tool Into Service Hole Of Plug To Remove Using the tool, slowly pull upwards from the center of the plug to remove.  Upon first installation of the half-doors, slowly set the door almost to the closing position and check how the door latch aligns with the body striker.  Touch condition between these components can result in damage to both the door and the striker.  Only adjust the door to fit correctly against the striker.  DO NOT adjust the striker, as this could affect the positioning of the full door.