There are two nuts connecting to the body side and one bolt connecting to the underbody on each attachment bracket.  There are four attachment brackets on each side step.  Fastener Locations (One Side) Remove two nuts and one bolt from the underside of the vehicle for each of the four brackets.  Repeat for other side of vehicle.  Underside Nuts After all bolts and nuts have been removed, pull the side step assembly off of the vehicle.  To reinstall the side steps align the studs to the body side holes and fasten all nuts on all four brackets.  Then secure all four bolts to the underbody.  Repeat the reassembly procedure for the other side.  Tighten the lug nuts/bolts in a star pattern until each nut/bolt has been tightened twice.  Ensure that the socket is fully engaged on the lug nut/bolt (do not insert it halfway).  The lug wrench can only be attached to extension 2.  When attaching the tool to the winch mechanism be sure the large flared end opening on extension 4 is positioned correctly over the winch mechanism adjusting nut.  Damage to the lug wrench, extensions and winch mechanism may occur from improper tool assembly With the help of a second person, set the Sunrider® top onto the top of the vehicle making sure to align the holes at the front and rear of the side rails.  Lower Sunrider® Onto The Vehicle Swing the front frame bracket around the side of the rail, and insert the door rail attachment bolt (provided bolt without spacer) from underneath.  Tighten with a #40 Torx head driver until snug.  Attach Front Door Rail Bolt Insert the rear door rail attachment bolt (provided bolt with spacer) from underneath.  Tighten with #40 Torx head driver until snug.  Attach Rear Door Rail Bolt Repeat steps 3 and 4 on the other side of the vehicle.  The recommended torque specification for the front and rear door rail attachment bolts is 8.8 ft-lb (12 N·m).  Attach the rear clamp at the rear center of the Sunrider® top using the two provided rear clamp attachment bolts.  Tighten with #40 Torx head driver until snug.  Rear Clamp Location The recommended torque specification for the rear clamp attachment bolts is 3.7 ft-lb (5 N·m).  From inside the vehicle, lift and pull the Sunrider® top forward using the integrated handle on the front header of the top.  Manually guide the top into the closed position.  Push Sunrider® Top Forward From inside the vehicle, pull the handle on the header latch downward to engage the hook into its receiver.  Pull the handle back upward while squeezing the hook, locking the latch into place.  Repeat on the other side.  Engage Both Header Latches Lug Nut/Bolt Torque **Lug Nut/Bolt Size Lug Nut/Bolt Socket Size 130 ft-lb (176 N·m) M14 x 1.50 mm 22 mm After 25 miles (40 km), check the lug nut/bolt torque to be sure that all the lug nuts/bolts are properly seated against the wheel.