Apps The Android Auto™ App displays all the compatible apps that are available to use with Android Auto™, every time it is launched.  You must have the compatible app downloaded, and you must be signed in to the app through your mobile device for it to work with Android Auto™.  Refer to https://play.google.com/store/apps/ to see the latest list of available apps for android auto™.  Android auto™ android auto™ ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  Android Auto™ is a feature of your Uconnect system, and your Android™ 6.0 or higher powered smartphone with a data plan, that allows you to project your smartphone and a number of its apps onto the touchscreen radio display.  Android Auto™ brings you useful information, and organizes it into simple cards that appear just when they are needed.  Android Auto™ can be used with speech technology, the steering wheel controls, the knobs and buttons on your radio faceplate, and the radio display’s touchscreen to control many of your apps.  To use Android Auto™, perform the following procedure: Download the Android Auto™ app from the Google Play store on your Android™-powered smartphone.  Connect your Android™-powered smartphone to one of the media USB ports in your vehicle.  If the Android Auto™ app was not downloaded, the first time you plug your device in the app begins to download.  Your vehicle should be in PARK the first time you use the app.  Note: be sure to use the factory-provided usb cable that came with your phone, as aftermarket cables may not work.  Android auto™ and lte data coverage note: to use android auto™, make sure you are in an area with cellular coverage.  Android Auto™ may use cellular data and your cellular coverage is shown in the upper right corner of the radio screen.  Data plan rates apply.  Once the device is connected and recognized, the Phone icon on the drag & drop menu bar changes to the Android Auto™ icon.  Once android auto™ is up and running on your uconnect system, the following features can be utilized using your smartphone’s data plan: google maps™ for navigation youtube music, spotify, iheart radio, etc.  For music hands-free calling and texting for communication various compatible apps note: feature availability depends on your carrier and mobile phone manufacturer.  Some Android Auto™ features may or may not be available in every region and/or language.  Note: Android Auto™ is set to launch immediately once a compatible device is connected.  You can also launch it by pressing the Android Auto™ icon on the touchscreen.  Description SmartWatch Integration puts the Vehicle Branded App right on your Apple® Watch or Android™ Wear.  To get started, follow these steps: Download the Vehicle Branded App from the App Store® or Google Play.  Log onto the app from your smartphone using the username and password you created when you first set up your account.  Make sure your watch and smartphone are connected through Bluetooth®.  The Vehicle Branded App should appear on your SmartWatch.  Once the app is downloaded on your SmartWatch, you can enjoy these features: Lock or unlock your vehicle by tapping the remote lock button in the app and entering your security PIN.  Remote start or stop your vehicle.  View important vehicle stats, such as fuel level, vehicle location, tire pressure warning, and more.