Tire pressures change by approximately 1 psi (7 kPa) per 12°F (7°C) of air temperature change.  Keep this in mind when checking tire pressure inside a garage, especially in the Winter.  Jacking and tire changing ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  Carefully follow these tire changing warnings to help prevent personal injury or damage to your vehicle: At Every Oil Change Interval As Indicated By Oil Change Indicator System: Change oil and filter.  Rotate the tires at the first sign of irregular wear, even if it occurs before the oil indicator system turns on.  Inspect battery and clean and tighten terminals as required.  Inspect the CV/Universal joints.  Inspect brake pads, shoes, rotors, drums, hoses and parking brake.  Inspect engine cooling system protection and hoses.  Inspect exhaust system.  Inspect engine air cleaner filter if using in dusty or off-road conditions, replace engine air cleaner filter if necessary.  Inspect all door latches for presence of grease, reapply if necessary.  Do not continue driving with one or more flat tires as handling may be compromised.  Stop the vehicle, avoiding sharp braking and steering.  If a tire puncture occurs, repair immediately using the dedicated tire repair kit and contact an authorized dealer as soon as possible.  Consult an authorized tire dealer for tire repairs and additional information.  In the Selectable Tire Fill Alert application, which is located in the apps menu of the Uconnect system, you will be able to select a pressure setting for both the front and rear axle tire pressures by scrolling through a pressure range from XX to 15 psi in 1 psi increments for each axle setting.  After inspecting or adjusting the tire pressure, always reinstall the valve stem cap.  This will prevent moisture and dirt from entering the valve stem, which could damage the valve stem.  Check the inflation pressure of each tire, including the spare tire (if equipped), at least monthly and inflate to the recommended pressure for your vehicle.