FUEL REQUIREMENTS – DIESEL ENGINE Federal law requires that you must fuel this vehicle with Ultra Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (15 ppm Sulfur maximum) and prohibits the use of Low Sulfur Highway Diesel fuel (500 ppm Sulfur maximum) to avoid damage to the emissions control system.  Use good quality diesel fuel from a reputable supplier in your vehicle.  For most year-round service, Number 2 diesel fuel meeting ASTM (formerly known as the American Society for Testing and Materials) specification D-975 Grade S15 will provide good performance.  If the vehicle is exposed to extreme cold (below 20°F or -7°C), or is required to operate at colder-than-normal conditions for prolonged periods, use climatized Number 2 diesel fuel or dilute the Number 2 diesel fuel with 50% Number 1 diesel fuel.  This will provide better protection from fuel gelling or wax-plugging of the fuel filters.  Diesel fuel is seldom completely free of water.  To prevent fuel system trouble, drain the accumulated water from the fuel/water separator using the fuel/water separator drain provided on the fuel filter housing.  If you buy good quality fuel and follow the listed cold weather recommendations, fuel conditioners should not be required in your vehicle.  If available in your area, a high cetane “premium” diesel fuel may offer improved cold-starting and warm-up performance.  WARNING: Do not use alcohol or gasoline as a fuel blending agent.  They can be unstable under certain conditions and hazardous or explosive when mixed with diesel fuel.  CAUTION: If the Water in Fuel Indicator Light remains on, DO NOT START engine before you drain the water from the fuel filter(s) to avoid engine damage Diesel Fuel Specifications This diesel engine has been developed to take advantage of the high energy content and generally lower cost Number 2 Ultra Low Sulfur diesel fuel or Number 2 Ultra Low Sulfur climatized diesel fuels.  Note: If you accidentally fill the fuel tank with gasoline or DEF on your diesel vehicle, do not start the engine.  Damage to the engine and fuel system could occur.  Please call an authorized dealer for service.  A maximum blend of 5% biodiesel meeting ASTM specification D-975 may be used with your diesel engine without any adjustments to regular service schedules.  Commercially available fuel additives are not necessary for the proper operation of your diesel engine.  Number 1 Ultra Low Sulfur diesel fuel should only be used where extended arctic conditions (-10°F or -23°C) exist.  Fuel Operating Range *Number 1 ULSD Fuel should only be used where extended arctic conditions 0°F (-18°C) exist.  Note: use ultra low sulfur diesel (ulsd) fuels only.  Note: Use of Climatized ULSD Fuel or Number 1 ULSD fuel results in a noticeable decrease in fuel economy.  Climatized ULSD fuel is a blend of Number 2 ULSD fuel and Number 1 ULSD fuel which reduces the temperature at which wax crystals form in fuel.  The fuel grade should be clearly marked on the pump at the fuel station.  The engine requires the use of ultra low sulfur diesel fuel.  Use of incorrect fuel could result in engine and exhaust system damage If climatized or Number 1 ULSD fuel is not available, and you are operating below 20°F (-6°C), in sustained arctic conditions, Mopar® Premium Diesel Fuel Treatment (or equivalent) is recommended to avoid gelling (see Fuel Operating Range Chart).