Front door removal front door removal ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  Outside rearview mirrors are mounted on the doors.  If you choose to remove the doors, see an authorized dealer for a replacement cowl-mounted outside mirror.  Federal law requires outside mirrors on vehicles for on-road use.  To remove the front doors, proceed as follows: Roll down the glass window to prevent any damage.  Remove the hinge pin nut from the upper and lower outside hinges (using a #T50 Torx head driver).  Note: the hinge pin nuts can be stowed in the fastener bin located under the rear seat.  Hinge pin nut remove the plastic wiring access door under the instrument panel by sliding the plastic panel along the door frame toward the seats until the tabs are detached.  Wiring access door note: do not force open; this will break the plastic cover.  Pull up on the red locking tab to unlock the wiring harness.  Closed wiring harness 1 — red locking tab 2 — wiring harness lever (closed position) push and hold down the black security tab under the wiring harness, and lift the harness lever into the open position.  Open wiring harness 1 — wiring harness lever (open position) 2 — black security tab with the wiring harness open, pull straight downward on the wiring connector to unplug.  Store the wiring connector in the lower door basket.  With the door in the open position, remove the check screw from the door check attachment on the body side (using a #T40 Torx head driver).  Note: keep the check arm in the extended position for easier reinstallation.  See note below if the check arm gets pushed into the door while the door is off.  Door check arm with the door open, lift the door with the help of another person, to clear the hinge pins from their hinges and remove the door.  WARNING: Do not drive your vehicle on public roads with the doors removed as you will lose the protection they can provide.  This procedure is furnished for use during off-road operation only.  Failure to follow this warning can result in death or serious personal injury.  WARNING: All occupants must wear seat belts during off-road operation with doors removed.  For information on off-road driving tips, see Do not store detached doors inside of the vehicle, as they may cause personal injury in the event of an accident.  Assistance to remove doors may by required due to the weight of the door to avoid personal injury.  CAUTION: Hinge pins can break if overtightened during door reinstall (Max Torque: 5.88 ft·lb / 8 N·m).  For information on off-road driving tips, see Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  Damage to the vehicle’s parts will occur.  Note: When front doors are removed, the message “Blind Spot Alert Temporarily Unavailable” will display in the instrument cluster display.  Power Mirrors and Power Door Locks will also be unavailable.