Tonneau Cover Installation To install the Tonneau Cover, proceed as follows: Position the rolled up Tonneau Cover on the truck bed and align it to the two fastener locations at the front of the bed.  Fastener locations using a #t50 torx head driver, secure the fasteners to the bed.  Lower the tailgate to the fully open position before unrolling the Tonneau Cover.  Release the stowage straps used to secure the Tonneau Cover in the rolled up position.  Release stowage strap roll the tonneau cover rearward toward the back of the truck bed.  Roll tonneau cover rearward position both tonneau cover latches over the locking mechanisms (one on each side of the truck bed), making sure the plastic retainer is correctly seated in the forward part of the latch.  Correctly seated retainer incorrectly seated retainer once the rear tonneau cover bar is positioned over the locking mechanism, grab the back of the tonneau cover and push downward on the center to engage the locking mechanisms.  Make sure an audible “click” from both sides of the Tonneau Cover is heard to confirm that the latch is completely engaged.  Push downward to lock note: if desired, the tonneau cover can be left in this position (rear panel folded forward) while the tailgate is closed, or the tailgate can be raised to the mid-position.  Tonneau cover with tailgate in mid-position fold the rear panel down; the tailgate can now be raised and secured in place.  Note: if not leaving the tailgate in the mid-position, the tonneau cover must be closed completely prior to fully closing the tailgate.  CAUTION: Do not sit on the Tonneau Cover; damage to the cover and/or cargo will occur.  TONNEAU COVER — IF EQUIPPED The Tonneau Cover can be installed on the truck bed to keep cargo out of view, and protect from inclement weather.  The tonneau cover consists of the following features: easy roll up cover tonneau fore/aft locator crossbar inside bed locator rear latches stowage straps note: the tonneau cover can be rolled up and secured at the front of the truck bed without removing it completely.  Tonneau Cover Removal To remove the Tonneau Cover, proceed as follows: Open the tailgate.  Fold the rear panel of the Tonneau Cover forward to reveal the red release straps.  Release strap location pull one of the red release straps to release the tonneau cover latch.  Note: pulling either strap will release the latches to roll the tonneau cover up; there is no need to pull both at the same time.  Roll the Tonneau Cover forward, starting with the rear bar and continue to roll toward the front of the truck bed.  Roll tonneau cover forward using the stowage straps, secure the tonneau cover in the rolled up position.  Secured tonneau cover using a #t50 torx head driver, remove the two fasteners securing the tonneau cover to the front of the truck bed.  Fastener locations utilizing two people, lift the tonneau cover up and away from the truck bed.  Note: be sure the tonneau cover has been completely rolled up, and straps are secure, before removing.  Store in a safe location.