Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) The ABS provides increased vehicle stability and brake performance under most braking conditions.  The system automatically prevents wheel lock and enhances vehicle control during braking.  The ABS performs a self-check cycle to ensure that the ABS is working properly each time the vehicle is started and driven.  During this self-check, you may hear a slight clicking sound, as well as some related motor noises.  The ABS is activated during braking when the system detects one or more wheels are beginning to lock.  Road conditions such as ice, snow, gravel, bumps, railroad tracks, loose debris, or panic stops may increase the likelihood of ABS activation(s).  You also may experience the following normal characteristics when the abs activates: abs motor noise or clicking sounds (you may continue to hear for a short time after the stop) brake pedal pulsations a slight drop of the brake pedal at the end of the stop note: the abs is designed to function with the original equipment manufacturer (oem) tires.  Modification may result in degraded ABS performance.  WARNING: The ABS contains sophisticated electronic equipment that may be susceptible to interference caused by improperly installed or high output radio transmitting equipment.  This interference can cause possible loss of anti-lock braking capability.  Installation of such equipment should be performed by qualified professionals.  Pumping of the Anti-Lock Brakes will diminish their effectiveness and may lead to a collision.  Pumping makes the stopping distance longer.  Just press firmly on your brake pedal when you need to slow down or stop.  The ABS cannot prevent the natural laws of physics from acting on the vehicle, nor can it increase braking or steering efficiency beyond that afforded by the condition of the vehicle brakes and tires or the traction afforded.  The ABS cannot prevent collisions, including those resulting from excessive speed in turns, following another vehicle too closely, or hydroplaning.  The capabilities of an ABS equipped vehicle must never be exploited in a reckless or dangerous manner that could jeopardize the user’s safety or the safety of others.  Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) Warning Light The yellow ABS Warning Light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  If the ABS Warning Light remains on or comes on while driving, it indicates that the anti-lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and that service is required.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally if the ABS Warning Light is on.  If the ABS Warning Light is on, the brake system should be serviced as soon as possible to restore the benefits of Anti-Lock Brakes.  If the ABS Warning Light does not come on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN mode, have the light repaired as soon as possible.  Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) Warning Light This warning light monitors the ABS.  The light will turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position and may stay on for as long as four seconds.  If the ABS light remains on or turns on while driving, then the Anti-Lock portion of the brake system is not functioning and service is required as soon as possible.  However, the conventional brake system will continue to operate normally, assuming the Brake Warning Light is not also on.  If the ABS light does not turn on when the ignition is placed in the ON/RUN or ACC/ON/RUN position, have the brake system inspected by an authorized dealer.