Normal Starting Observe the instrument cluster lights when starting the engine.  Always apply the parking brake.  Press and hold the brake pedal while pushing the ENGINE START/STOP button once.  Note: a delay of the start of up to five seconds is possible under very cold conditions.  The “Wait to Start” telltale will be illuminated during the preheat process.  When the engine “Wait To Start” telltale turns off the engine will automatically crank.  Caution: if the water in fuel indicator light remains on, do not start the engine before you drain the water from the fuel filters to avoid engine damage.  The system will automatically engage the starter to crank the engine.  If the vehicle fails to start, the starter will disengage automatically after 25 seconds.  If you wish to stop the cranking of the engine prior to the engine starting, push the ENGINE START/STOP button again.  Check that the Oil Pressure Warning Light has turned off.  Release the parking brake.  Note: Normal starting of either a cold or a warm engine is obtained without pumping or pressing the accelerator pedal.  ENGINE BREAK-IN RECOMMENDATIONS — DIESEL ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) The diesel engine does not require a break-in period due to its construction.  Normal operation is allowed, providing the following recommendations are followed: Warm up the engine before placing it under load.  Do not operate the engine at idle for prolonged periods.  Use the appropriate transmission gear to prevent engine lugging.  Observe vehicle oil pressure and temperature indicators.  Check the coolant and oil levels frequently.  Vary throttle position at highway speeds when carrying or towing significant weight.  The engine oil installed in the engine at the factory is a high-quality energy conserving type lubricant.  Oil changes should be consistent with anticipated climate conditions under which vehicle operations will occur.  For recommended viscosity and quality grades NON-DETERGENT OR STRAIGHT MINERAL OILS MUST NEVER BE USED.  Note: Light duty operation such as light trailer towing or no load operation will extend the time before the engine is at full efficiency.  Reduced fuel economy and power may be seen at this time.  Stopping The Engine After full load operation, idle the engine for a few minutes before shutting it down.  This idle period will allow the lubricating oil and coolant to carry excess heat away from the turbocharger.  Note: Refer to the following chart for proper engine shutdown.  Note: Under certain conditions the Stop/Start system may be temporarily disabled and the engine fan will run after the engine is turned off to protect the engine.  These conditions are under high load and high temperature conditions.