Priming If The Engine Has Run Out Of Fuel — Diesel Engine Add a substantial amount of fuel to the tank, approximately 2 to 5 gal (8 L to 19 L).  Push ignition switch twice without your foot on brake to put vehicle in RUN position.  This will activate the in tank fuel pump for approximately 30 seconds.  Repeat this process twice.  Start the engine using the Normal Starting procedureWARNING: Do not open the high pressure fuel system with the engine running.  Engine operation causes high fuel pressure.  High pressure fuel spray can cause serious injury or death.  CAUTION: The starter motor will engage for approximately 30 seconds at a time.  Allow two minutes between cranking intervals.  Note: The engine may run rough until the air is forced from all the fuel lines.  WARNING: Do not use alcohol or gasoline as a fuel blending agent.  They can be unstable under certain conditions and be hazardous or explosive when mixed with diesel fuel.  CAUTION: Due to lack of lubricants in alcohol or gasoline, the use of these fuels can cause damage to the fuel system.  Note: Use of biodiesel mixture in excess of 20% can negatively impact the fuel filter's ability to separate water from the fuel, resulting in high pressure fuel system corrosion or damage.  In addition, commercially available fuel additives are not necessary for the proper operation of your diesel engine.  For extreme cold conditions, "Mopar® Premium Diesel Fuel Treatment" is recommended to assist with cold starting.  Bulk Fuel Storage — Diesel Fuel If you store quantities of fuel, good maintenance of the stored fuel is also essential.  Fuel contaminated with water will promote the growth of “microbes.” These microbes form “slime” that will clog the fuel filtration system and lines.  Drain condensation from the supply tank and change the line filter on a regular basis.  If the vehicle will not start see Note: When a diesel engine is allowed to run out of fuel, air is pulled into the fuel system.  WARNING: Do not open the high pressure fuel system with the engine running.  Engine operation causes high fuel pressure.  High pressure fuel spray can cause serious injury or death.  Fuel System Cautions CAUTION: Follow these guidelines to maintain your vehicle’s performance: The use of leaded gasoline is prohibited by Federal law.  Using leaded gasoline can impair engine performance and damage the emissions control system.  An out-of-tune engine, certain fuel or ignition malfunctions can cause the catalytic converter to overheat.  If you notice a pungent burning odor or some light smoke, your engine may be out-of-tune or malfunctioning and may require immediate service.  Contact an authorized dealer for service assistance.  The use of fuel additives, which are now being sold as octane enhancers, is not recommended.  Most of these products contain high concentrations of methanol.  Fuel system damage or vehicle performance problems resulting from the use of such fuels or additives is not the responsibility of The manufacturer and may void or not be covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  Note: Intentional tampering with the emissions control system can result in civil penalties being assessed against you.