Battery Saver On, Battery Saver Mode Message, And Electrical Load Reduction Actions (If Equipped) This vehicle is equipped with an Intelligent Battery Sensor (IBS) to perform additional monitoring of the electrical system and status of the vehicle battery.  In cases when the IBS detects charging system failure, or the vehicle battery conditions are deteriorating, electrical load reduction actions will take place to extend the driving time and distance of the vehicle.  This is done by reducing power to or turning off non-essential electrical loads.  Load reduction is only active when the engine is running.  It will display a message if there is a risk of battery depletion to the point where the vehicle may stall due to lack of electrical supply, or will not restart after the current drive cycle.  When load reduction is activated, the message “Battery Saver On Some Systems May Have Reduced Power” will appear in the instrument cluster.  These messages indicate the vehicle battery has a low state of charge and continues to lose electrical charge at a rate that the charging system cannot sustain.  The electrical loads that may be switched off (if equipped), and vehicle functions which can be affected by load reduction: heated seat/vented seats/heated wheel rear defroster and heated mirrors hvac system 115 volt ac power inverter system audio and telematics system loss of battery charge may indicate one or more of the following conditions: the charging system cannot deliver enough electrical power to the vehicle system because the electrical loads are larger than the capability of the charging system.  The charging system is still functioning properly.  Turning on all possible vehicle electrical loads (e.g.  HVAC to max settings, exterior and interior lights, overloaded power outlets +12 Volt, 115 Volt AC, USB ports) during certain driving conditions (city driving, towing, frequent stopping).  Installing options like additional lights, upfitter electrical accessories, audio systems, alarms and similar devices.  Unusual driving cycles (short trips separated by long parking periods).  The vehicle was parked for an extended period of time (weeks, months).  The battery was recently replaced and was not charged completely.  The battery was discharged by an electrical load left on when the vehicle was parked.  The battery was used for an extended period with the engine not running to supply radio, lights, chargers, +12 Volt portable appliances like vacuum cleaners, game consoles and similar devices.  Note: The charging system is independent from load reduction.  The charging system performs a diagnostic on the charging system continuously.  If the battery charge warning light is on it may indicate a problem with the charging system "⇨battery charge warning light" .