Crossing Ditches, Streams, Shallow Rivers Or Other Flowing Water Flowing water can be extremely dangerous.  Never attempt to cross a fast running stream or river even in shallow water.  Fast moving water can easily push your vehicle downstream, sweeping it out of control.  Even in very shallow water, a high current can still wash the dirt out from around your tires putting you and your vehicle in jeopardy.  There is still a high risk of personal injury and vehicle damage with slower water currents in depths greater than the vehicle's running ground clearance.  You should never attempt to cross flowing water which is deeper than the vehicle's running ground clearance.  Even the slowest current can push the heaviest vehicle downstream and out of control if the water is deep enough to push on the large surface area of the vehicle's body.  Before you proceed, determine the speed of the current, the water's depth, approach angle, bottom condition and if there are any obstacles.  Then cross at an angle heading slightly upstream using the low and slow technique.  WARNING: Never drive through fast moving deep water.  It can push your vehicle downstream, sweeping it out of control.  This could put you and your passengers at risk of injury or drowning.  Driving Across An Incline If at all possible, avoid driving across an incline.  If it is necessary, know your vehicle's abilities.  Driving across an incline places more weight on the downhill wheels, which increases the possibilities of a downhill slide or rollover.  Make sure the surface has good traction with firm and stable soils.  If possible, transverse the incline at an angle heading slightly up or down.  WARNING: Driving across an incline increases the risk of a rollover, which may result in severe injury.  Driving Up Hill Once you have determined your ability to proceed and have shifted into the appropriate gear, line your vehicle up for the straightest possible run.  Accelerate with an easy constant throttle and apply more power as you start up the hill.  Do not race forward into a steep grade; the abrupt change of grade could cause you to lose control.  If the front end begins to bounce, ease off the throttle slightly to bring all four tires back on the ground.  As you approach the crest of the hill, ease off the throttle and slowly proceed over the top.  If the wheels start to slip as you approach the crest of a hill, ease off the accelerator and maintain headway by turning the steering wheel no more than a quarter turn quickly back and forth.  This will provide a fresh "bite" into the surface and will usually provide enough traction to complete the climb.  If you do not make it to the top, place the vehicle in REVERSE and back straight down the grade using engine resistance along with the vehicle brakes.  WARNING: Never attempt to climb a hill at an angle or turn around on a steep grade.  Driving across an incline increases the risk of a rollover, which may result in severe injury.