Sos call system limitations vehicles sold in mexico do not have sos call system capabilities.  SOS or other emergency line operators in Mexico may not answer or respond to SOS system calls.  If the SOS Call system detects a malfunction, any of the following may occur at the time the malfunction is detected, and at the beginning of each ignition cycle: The light located within the ASSIST and SOS buttons will continuously be illuminated red.  The Device Screen will display the following message “Vehicle device requires service.  Please contact an authorized dealer.” an in-vehicle audio message will state “vehicle device requires service.  Please contact an authorized dealer.” even if the sos call system is fully functional, factors beyond fca us llc’s control may prevent or stop the sos call system operation.  These include, but are not limited to, the following factors: the ignition is in the off position the vehicle’s electrical systems are not intact the sos call system software and/or hardware are damaged during a crash the vehicle battery loses power or becomes disconnected during a vehicle crash lte (voice/data) or 4g (data) network and/or global positioning satellite signals are unavailable or obstructed equipment malfunction at the sos operator facility operator error by the sos operator lte (voice/data) or 4g (data) network congestion weather buildings, structures, geographic terrain, or tunnels warning: ignoring the rearview mirror light could mean you will not have sos call services.  If the Rearview Mirror light is illuminated, have an authorized dealer service the SOS Call system immediately.  The Occupant Restraint Control module turns on the Air Bag Warning Light on the instrument panel if a malfunction in any part of the system is detected.  If the Air Bag Warning Light is illuminated, have an authorized dealer service the Occupant Restraint Control system immediately.  WARNING: ALWAYS obey traffic laws and pay attention to the road.  ALWAYS drive safely with your hands on the steering wheel.  You have full responsibility and assume all risks related to the use of the features and applications in this vehicle.  Only use the features and applications when it is safe to do so.  Failure to do so may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  Note: Your vehicle may be transmitting data as authorized by the subscriber.  Never place anything on or near the vehicle’s LTE (voice/data) or 4G (data) and GPS antennas.  You could prevent LTE (voice/data) or 4G (data) and GPS signal reception, which can prevent your vehicle from placing an emergency call.  An operable LTE (voice/data) or 4G (data) network connection and a GPS signal is required for the SOS Call system to function properly.  Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.  CAUTION: To avoid damage to the mirror during cleaning, never spray any cleaning solution directly onto the mirror.  Apply the solution onto a clean cloth and wipe the mirror clean.