Do not use abrasive cleaning components, solvents, steel wool, or other aggressive material to clean the lenses.  The lenses in front of the instruments in this vehicle are molded in clear plastic.  When cleaning the lenses, care must be taken to avoid scratching the plastic.  Plastic is not as scratch resistant as glass and therefore different lens cleaning procedures must be followed.  Do not press the touchscreen with any hard or sharp objects (pen, USB stick, jewelry, etc.  ), which could scratch the surface.  Do not spray any liquid or chemicals directly on the screen!  Use a clean and dry microfiber lens cleaning cloth in order to clean the touchscreen.  If necessary, use a lint-free cloth dampened with a cleaning solution, such as isopropyl alcohol or an isopropyl alcohol and water solution ratio of 50:50.  Be sure to follow the solvent manufacturer's precautions and directionsTo minimize the possibility of scratching the lenses and reducing light output, avoid wiping with a dry cloth.  To remove road dirt, wash with a mild soap solution followed by rinsing.  If snow, ice, mud, or any foreign substance builds up on the camera lens, clean the lens, rinse with water, and dry with a soft cloth.  Do not cover the lens.  To avoid damage to the mirror during cleaning, never spray any cleaning solution directly onto the mirror.  Apply the solution onto a clean cloth and wipe the mirror clean.  If the “ACC/FCW Limited Functionality Clean Front Windshield” message occurs frequently (e.g.  more than once on every trip) without any snow, rain, mud, or other obstruction, have the windshield and forward-facing camera inspected at an authorized dealer.  All glass surfaces should be cleaned on a regular basis with Mopar® Glass Cleaner, or any commercial household-type glass cleaner.  Never use an abrasive type cleaner.  Use caution when cleaning the inside rear window equipped with electric defrosters or windows equipped with radio antennas.  Do not use scrapers or other sharp instruments that may scratch the elements.  The wiper blades and wiper arms should be inspected periodically, not just when wiper performance problems are experienced.  This inspection should include the following points: