Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) increases the driving convenience provided by Cruise Control while traveling on highways and major roadways.  However, it is not a safety system and not designed to prevent collisions.  The Cruise Control function performs differently if your vehicle is not equipped with ACC ACC will allow you to keep Cruise Control engaged in light to moderate traffic conditions without the constant need to reset your speed.  ACC utilizes a radar sensor and a forward-facing camera designed to detect a vehicle directly ahead of you to maintain a set speed.  Note: If the ACC sensor detects a vehicle ahead, ACC will apply limited braking or accelerate (not to exceed the original set speed) automatically to maintain a preset following distance, while matching the speed of the vehicle ahead.  Any chassis/suspension or tire size modifications to the vehicle will affect the performance of the Adaptive Cruise Control and Forward Collision Warning system.  Fixed Speed Cruise Control (ACC not enabled) will not detect vehicles directly ahead of you.  Always be aware of the feature selected WARNING: Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) is a convenience system.  It is not a substitute for active driver involvement.  It is always the driver’s responsibility to be attentive of road, traffic, and weather conditions, vehicle speed, distance to the vehicle ahead and, most importantly, brake operation to ensure safe operation of the vehicle under all road conditions.  Your complete attention is always required while driving to maintain safe control of your vehicle.  Failure to follow these warnings can result in a collision and death or serious personal injury.  The acc system: does not react to pedestrians, oncoming vehicles, and stationary objects (e.g., a stopped vehicle in a traffic jam or a disabled vehicle).  Cannot take street, traffic, and weather conditions into account, and may be limited upon adverse sight distance conditions.  Does not always fully recognize complex driving conditions, which can result in wrong or missing distance warnings.  You should turn the ACC system off and do not use: When driving in fog, heavy rain, heavy snow, sleet, heavy traffic, and complex driving situations (i.e., in highway construction zones).  When entering a turn lane or highway off-ramp; when driving on roads that are winding, icy, snow-covered, slippery, or have steep uphill or downhill slopes.  When towing a trailer up or down steep slopes.  When circumstances do not allow safe driving at a constant speed.  Precautions While Driving With ACC In certain driving situations, ACC may have detection issues.  In these cases, ACC may brake late or unexpectedly.  The driver needs to stay alert and may need to intervene.  The following are examples of these types of situations: Using ACC On Hills ACC performance may be limited when driving on hills.  ACC may not detect a vehicle in your lane depending on the speed, vehicle load, traffic conditions, and the steepness of the hill.