ASSIST AND SOS SYSTEM — IF EQUIPPED If equipped, the overhead console contains an ASSIST and an SOS button.  WARNING: ALWAYS obey traffic laws and pay attention to the road.  ALWAYS drive safely with your hands on the steering wheel.  You have full responsibility and assume all risks related to the use of the features and applications in this vehicle.  Only use the features and applications when it is safe to do so.  Failure to do so may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  Note: Your vehicle may be transmitting data as authorized by the subscriber The ASSIST and SOS buttons will only function if you are connected to an operable LTE (voice/data) or 4G (data) network, which comes as a built-in function.  These and other connected services will only be operable if your SiriusXM Guardian™ service is active and you are connected to an operable LTE (voice/data) or 4G (data) network.  Off Road+ Display — If Equipped When the Off Road+ button is pushed in the switch bank, the Instrument Cluster Display will begin to show messages related to the feature.  Depending on the Four-Wheel Drive mode in use, the messages will differ, and after five seconds, all messages will clear from the display.  The messages are as follows: 2h: off road+ unavailable, shift to 4wd 4h: 4wd high off road+ active 4l: 4wd low off road+ active adaptive cruise control (acc) and cruise control are not available when using off road+.  If either option is selected, a dedicated message will display indicating that the features are not usable concurrently.  Messages are as follows: 4h: cruise control — cruise control unavailable in off road+ 4h: adaptive cruise control — adaptive cruise control (acc) unavailable in off road+ 4l: cruise control — cruise control unavailable in 4wd low 4l: adaptive cruise control — adaptive cruise control (acc) unavailable in 4wd low note: the behavior of electronic stability control while in off road+ varies depending on the 4wd status.  If the vehicle is in 4WD High, Traction Control is automatically turned off.  Also, holding the ESC OFF button for five seconds will turn off ESC.  In 4WD Low, Electronic Stability Control automatically shuts off regardless of the Off Road Status.  If equipped, vehicles with an ASSIST and an SOS button are connected vehicles.  These buttons will be located on either the rearview mirror or overhead console, depending on the vehicle.  If these buttons are present in your vehicle, you have a connected radio and can take advantage of the many connected vehicle features.  For further information about the ASSIST and SOS buttons