The Freedom Top panels storage bag allows you to store your hard top panels.  The storage bag contains two compartments.  Insert the left side hard top panel into the bag with the latches facing upward.  Unfold the black panel divider (ensure the divider is lying flat).  Insert the right side Freedom Top panel into the bag with the latches facing downward.  Ensure the front panel latch is closed prior to inserting the panel into the bag.  Unfold the outer flap and zip the hard top bag closed.  Step Four Store the Freedom Top panels bag in a safe location.  Ensure the front panel latch is closed prior to inserting the panel into the panels bag.  There is a pouch located on the front of the bag to store the provided hard top edge protectors that are used when the hard top is not installed on the vehicle.  Remove both front panels Open both front doors.  Using the provided #50 Torx head driver and ratchet, remove the two Torx head screws that secure the hard top at the B-pillar (near the top of the front doors).  Step Three If equipped, remove the lower interior soft trim panel (attached by the hook-and-loop fastener) by pulling the panel away from the trim.  Step Four Remove the Torx head fasteners that secure the hard top to the vehicle: two along the interior body side, rearward of the back doors, followed by the four fasteners along the back of the vehicle cab using the #T50 Torx head driver.  Step Five 1 — Vehicle Cab Torx Head Fasteners 2 — Body side Torx Head Fasteners Locate the wire harness on the left rear inside corner of the vehicle.  To access the harness, remove the plastic cover by pushing the cover to the side, and sliding it off.  Do not force open; this will break the plastic cover.  Step Six To release the wire harness, pull back on the red latch (1), then push down on the black button (2) while pulling the harness out.  Step Seven 1 — Red Latch 2 — Black Button Remove the hard top from the vehicle.  Install the provided edge protectors along the bottom edges of the hard top, and place the hard top on a soft surface to prevent damage.  The removal of the Hard Top requires four adults located on each corner.  Failure to follow this caution could damage the Hard Top.  Store the wire harness by removing the storage cover on the quarter trim.  Use the mechanical key blade to pry the cover open.  Step Nine Tuck the wire harness inside the storage compartment, and replace the cover.