Rear door removal rear door removal ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  To remove the rear doors, proceed as follows: Roll down the glass window to prevent any damage.  Remove the hinge pin nuts from the upper and lower outside hinges (using a #T50 Torx head driver).  Note: the hinge pin nuts can be stowed in the fastener bin under the rear seat.  Hinge pin nut slide the front seat(s) fully forward.  Pry open and remove the plastic wiring access door from the bottom of the B-pillar.  Wiring access door unplug the wiring connector.  Note: squeeze the tab on the base of the wiring harness.  This will unlock the connector tab, allowing the wiring connector to be unplugged.  Unhook the wire harness strap from the hook on the body side.  Store the wire connector in the lower basket of the door.  Wiring connector with the door in the open position, remove the check bolt from the door check attachment on the body (using a #t40 torx head driver).  Note: keep the check arm in the extended position for easier reinstallation.  Door check arm with the door open, lift the door with the help of another person, to clear the hinge pins from their hinges and remove the door.  To reinstall the door(s), perform the previous steps in the reverse order.  WARNING: Do not drive your vehicle on public roads with the doors removed as you will lose the protection they can provide.  This procedure is furnished for use during off-road operation only.  Failure to follow this warning can result in death or serious personal injury.  WARNING: All occupants must wear seat belts during off-road operation with doors removed.  For information on off-road driving tips, see Do not store detached doors inside of the vehicle, as they may cause personal injury in the event of an accident.  Assistance to remove doors may by required due to the weight of the door to avoid personal injury.  CAUTION: Hinge pins can break if overtightened during door reinstall (Max Torque: 5.88 ft·lb / 8 N·m).  For information on off-road driving tips, see Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  Damage to the vehicle’s parts will occur.  WARNING: To avoid personal injury be sure to keep your arms, hands, fingers and all objects clear of the check arm area during the removal and installation procedures.  Note: The upper hinge has a longer pin, which can be used to assist in guiding the door into place when reinstalling.  CAUTION: Hinge pins can break if overtightened during door reinstall (Max Torque: 5.88 ft·lb / 8 N·m).  For information on off-road driving tips, see Do not overtighten Torx fasteners.  Damage to the vehicle’s parts will occur.