If you get hung up or high-centered on an object, get out of the vehicle and try to determine what the vehicle is hung up on, where it is contacting the underbody and what is the best direction to recover the vehicle.  Depending on what you are in contact with, jack the vehicle up and place a few rocks under the tires so the weight is off of the high point when you let the vehicle down.  You can also try rocking the vehicle or winching the vehicle off the object.  Do not attempt to change a tire on the side of the vehicle close to moving traffic.  Pull far enough off the road to avoid the danger of being hit when operating the jack or changing the wheel.  Being under a jacked-up vehicle is dangerous.  The vehicle could slip off the jack and fall on you.  You could be crushed.  Never put any part of your body under a vehicle that is on a jack.  If you need to get under a raised vehicle, take the vehicle to a service center where it can be raised on a lift.  Never start or run the engine while the vehicle is on a jack.  The jack is designed to be used as a tool for changing tires only.  The jack should not be used to lift the vehicle for service purposes.  The vehicle should be jacked on a firm level surface only.  Avoid ice or slippery areas.  Completely inspect the underbody of your vehicle.  Check tires, body structure, steering, suspension, driveline, and exhaust system for damage.  Inspect the radiator for mud and debris and clean as required.  Check threaded fasteners for looseness, particularly on the chassis, drivetrain components, steering, and suspension.  Retighten them, if required, and torque to the values specified in the Service Manual.  Check for accumulations of plants or brush.  These things could be a fire hazard.  They might hide damage to fuel lines, brake hoses, axle pinion seals, and propeller shafts.  After extended operation in mud, sand, water, or similar dirty conditions, have the radiator, fan, brake rotors, wheels, brake linings, and axle yokes inspected and cleaned as soon as possible.  Inspect the clutch vent holes in the manual transmission bell housing for mud and debris and clean as required.  Abrasive material in any part of the brakes may cause excessive wear or unpredictable braking.  You might not have full braking power when you need it to prevent a collision.  If you have been operating your vehicle in dirty conditions, get your brakes checked and cleaned as necessary.  If you experience unusual vibration after driving in mud, slush or similar conditions, check the wheels for impacted material.  Impacted material can cause a wheel imbalance and freeing the wheels of it will correct the situation.