If you store quantities of fuel, good maintenance of the stored fuel is also essential.  Fuel contaminated with water will promote the growth of “microbes.” These microbes form “slime” that will clog the fuel filtration system and lines.  Drain condensation from the supply tank and change the line filter on a regular basis.  Fuel that is contaminated by water or dirt can cause severe damage to the engine fuel system.  Proper maintenance of the engine fuel filter and fuel tank is essential see Never pour fuel or other flammable liquid into the throttle body air inlet opening in an attempt to start the vehicle.  This could result in flash fire causing serious personal injury.  Do not attempt to push or tow your vehicle to get it started.  Vehicles equipped with an automatic transmission cannot be started this way.  Unburned fuel could enter the catalytic converter and once the engine has started, ignite and damage the converter and vehicle.  If the vehicle has a discharged battery, booster cables may be used to obtain a start from a booster battery or the battery in another vehicle.  This type of start can be dangerous if done improperly The use of leaded gasoline is prohibited by Federal law.  Using leaded gasoline can impair engine performance and damage the emissions control system.  An out-of-tune engine, certain fuel or ignition malfunctions can cause the catalytic converter to overheat.  If you notice a pungent burning odor or some light smoke, your engine may be out-of-tune or malfunctioning and may require immediate service.  Contact an authorized dealer for service assistance.  The use of fuel additives, which are now being sold as octane enhancers, is not recommended.  Most of these products contain high concentrations of methanol.  Fuel system damage or vehicle performance problems resulting from the use of such fuels or additives is not the responsibility of The manufacturer and may void or not be covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  The engine requires the use of ultra low sulfur diesel fuel.  Use of incorrect fuel could result in engine and exhaust system damage If climatized or Number 1 ULSD fuel is not available, and you are operating below 20°F (-6°C), in sustained arctic conditions, Mopar® Premium Diesel Fuel Treatment (or equivalent) is recommended to avoid gelling (see Fuel Operating Range Chart).  Due to lack of lubricants in alcohol or gasoline, the use of these fuels can cause damage to the fuel system.  Damage to the fuel system or emission control system could result from using an improper fuel filler cap.  A poorly fitting cap could let impurities into the fuel system.  Also, a poorly fitting aftermarket cap can cause the Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) to illuminate, due to fuel vapors escaping from the system.  To avoid fuel spillage and overfilling, do not “top off” the fuel tank after filling.  If the vehicle is exposed to extreme cold (below 20°F or -7°C), or is required to operate at colder-than-normal conditions for prolonged periods, use climatized Number 2 diesel fuel or dilute the Number 2 diesel fuel with 50% Number 1 diesel fuel.  This will provide better protection from fuel gelling or wax-plugging of the fuel filters.  Use of biodiesel mixture in excess of 20% can negatively impact the fuel filter's ability to separate water from the fuel, resulting in high pressure fuel system corrosion or damage.  In addition, commercially available fuel additives are not necessary for the proper operation of your diesel engine.  For extreme cold conditions, "Mopar® Premium Diesel Fuel Treatment" is recommended to assist with cold starting.  The presence of water in the fuel system circuit may cause severe damage to the injection system and irregular engine operation.  If the indicator light is illuminated, contact an authorized dealer as soon as possible to bleed the system.  If the previously mentioned indicators come on immediately after refueling, water or AdBlue® (UREA) have probably been poured into the tank: switch the engine off immediately and contact an authorized dealer.