Helpful hints for using Voice Recognition: Start using Uconnect Voice Recognition with these helpful quick tips.  It provides the key Voice Commands and tips you need to know to control your vehicle’s Voice Recognition (VR) system.  Notice the visual cues that inform you of your Voice Recognition system’s status.  With Apple CarPlay®, push and hold the VR button on the steering wheel to activate a Siri voice recognition session.  You can also press and hold the Home button within Apple CarPlay® to start talking to Siri.  This allows you to make calls or listen to voicemail as you normally would using Siri on your iPhone®.  When the Voice button is pressed on the touchscreen, the system displays the options related to the vehicle’s Voice Recognition feature.  Depending on the vehicle’s options, feature settings may vary.  The vr button is used to activate/deactivate your voice recognition system.  Reduce background noise.  Wind noise and passenger conversations are examples of noise that may impact recognition.  Speak clearly at a normal pace and volume while facing straight ahead.  Each time you give a Voice Command, first push the VR button, wait until after the beep, then say your Voice Command.  You can interrupt the help message or system prompts by pushing the VR button and saying a Voice Command from the current category.  Push and hold the Voice Recognition (VR) button on the steering wheel until the beep or tap the Microphone icon to ask Google to take you to a desired destination by voice.  You can also touch the Navigation icon in Android Auto™ to access other navigation apps.  push and hold the VR button on the steering wheel to activate a Siri voice recognition session.  Apple CarPlay® allows you to use Siri to send or reply to text messages.  Siri can also read incoming text messages, but drivers will not be able to read messages, as everything is done via voice.  With Android Auto™ connected, push and hold the VR button on the steering wheel to activate voice recognition specific to Android Auto™.  This allows you to send and reply to text messages, have incoming text messages read out loud, and place and receive hands-free calls.