Download the Android Auto™ app from the Google Play store on your Android™-powered smartphone.  Connect your Android™-powered smartphone to one of the media USB ports in your vehicle.  If the Android Auto™ app was not downloaded, the first time you plug your device in the app begins to download.  Your vehicle should be in PARK the first time you use the app.  Be sure to use the factory-provided USB cable that came with your phone, as aftermarket cables may not work.  Android Auto™ And LTE Data Coverage To use Android Auto™, make sure you are in an area with cellular coverage.  Android Auto™ may use cellular data and your cellular coverage is shown in the upper right corner of the radio screen.  Data plan rates apply.  Once the device is connected and recognized, the Phone icon on the drag & drop menu bar changes to the Android Auto™ icon.  Android Auto™ is a feature of your Uconnect system, and your Android™ 6.0 or higher powered smartphone with a data plan, that allows you to project your smartphone and a number of its apps onto the touchscreen radio display.  Android Auto™ brings you useful information, and organizes it into simple cards that appear just when they are needed.  Android Auto™ can be used with speech technology, the steering wheel controls, the knobs and buttons on your radio faceplate, and the radio display’s touchscreen to control many of your apps.  To use Android Auto™, perform the following procedure: To use Android Auto™ on your car display, you’ll need an Android™ phone running Android™ 6.0 or higher, an active data plan, and the Android Auto™ app.  To wirelessly use Android Auto™ on your car display, you need a compatible Android™ smartphone with an active data plan.  You can check which smartphones are compatible at g.co/androidauto/requirements.  Android Auto™ allows you to use your voice to interact with its best-in-class speech technology through your vehicle’s voice recognition system, and use your smartphone’s data plan to project your Android™-powered smartphone and a number of its apps onto your Uconnect touchscreen.  Connect your Android™ 6.0 or higher to one of the media USB ports, using the factory-provided USB cable, and press the new Android Auto™ icon that replaces your Phone icon on the main menu bar to begin Android Auto™.  Push and hold the VR button on the steering wheel, or press and hold the Microphone icon within Android Auto™, to activate its VR, which recognizes natural voice commands, to use a list of your smartphone’s features: The Android Auto™ App displays all the compatible apps that are available to use with Android Auto™, every time it is launched.  You must have the compatible app downloaded, and you must be signed in to the app through your mobile device for it to work with Android Auto™.  Apple CarPlay® uses a USB connection while Android Auto™ uses both USB and Bluetooth® connections to function.  The connected device is unavailable to other devices when connected using Android Auto™ or Apple CarPlay®.  Music apps, playlists, and stations must be set up on your smartphone prior to using Android Auto™ for them to work with Android Auto™.  Android auto™ ¹ use this qr code to access your digital experience.  While using Android Auto™, Google Maps™ provides voice-guided: