To recline the seat, pull on the recline strap and lean forward or rearward, depending on the direction you would like the seatback to move.  Release the strap when the desired position is reached and the seatback will lock into place.  The front passenger seat is unoccupied or has very light objects in it.  The front passenger seat is occupied by a rear-facing child restraint.  The front passenger seat is occupied by a child, including a child seated in a forward-facing child restraint or booster seat.  The front passenger seat is occupied by a small passenger, including a child or small adult.  The front passenger is not properly seated or his or her weight is taken off of the seat for a period of time.  Turn off the vehicle and have the adult passenger step out of the vehicle.  Remove any extra materials from the passenger seat, such as cushions, pads, seat covers, seat massagers, blankets, extra clothing, etc.  Place the seatback in the full upright position.  Have the adult passenger sit in the center of the seat, with the passenger’s feet comfortably on or near the floor, and with their back against the seatback.  Restart the vehicle and have the passenger remain in this seated position for two to three minutes after restarting the vehicle.  The outboard front passenger seat BeltAlert is not active when the outboard front passenger seat is unoccupied.  BeltAlert may be triggered when an animal or other items are placed on the outboard front passenger seat or when the seat is folded flat (if equipped).  It is recommended that pets be restrained in the rear seat (if equipped) in pet harnesses or pet carriers that are secured by seat belts, and cargo is properly stowed.  The 60/40 Split Folding Rear Seat can be folded flat to access the storage area behind the seat.  The seat bottom can also be lifted into the Stadium Position to create more storage space on the rear floor, and provide access to the underseat storage bins (if equipped) Be certain that the seatback is securely locked into position.  If the seatback is not securely locked into position the seat will not provide the proper stability for child seats and/or passengers.  An improperly latched seat could cause serious injury.  Be certain that the seatback is securely locked into position.  Perform a “push - pull - push” check to confirm the seat is fully locked.  If the seatback is not securely locked into position, the seat will not provide the proper stability for child seats and/or passengers.  A red indicator on the pull strap will be displayed if the seatback is not securely locked.  An improperly latched seat could cause serious injury.