Recommended Vehicle Shift Speeds To utilize your manual transmission efficiently for both fuel economy and performance, it should be upshifted as listed in the recommended shift speed chart.  Shift at the vehicle speeds listed for acceleration.  When heavily loaded or pulling a trailer, these recommended up shift speeds may not apply.  Note: Vehicle speeds shown in the preceding chart are for 2H and 4H only.  Vehicle speeds in 4L would be significantly less.  Manual transmission shift speeds in mph (km/h) engine speeds 1 to 2 2 to 3 3 to 4 4 to 5 5 to 6 3.6l accel.  15 (24) 24 (39) 50 (80) 65 (104) 70 (112) cruise 10 (16) 19 (31) 40 (64) 55 (88) 65 (105) 8–speed automatic transmission the transmission gear range (prndm) is displayed both beside the gear selector and in the instrument cluster.  To select a gear range, push the lock button on the gear selector and move the selector rearward or forward.  To shift the transmission out of PARK, the engine must be running and the brake pedal must be pressed.  You must also press the brake pedal to shift from NEUTRAL into DRIVE or REVERSE when the vehicle is stopped or moving at low speeds.  Select the DRIVE range for normal driving.  The electronically controlled transmission adapts its shift schedule based on driver inputs, along with environmental and road conditions.  The transmission electronics are self-calibrating; therefore, the first few shifts on a new vehicle may be somewhat abrupt.  This is a normal condition, and precision shifts will develop within a few hundred miles (kilometers).  Only shift from DRIVE to PARK or REVERSE when the accelerator pedal is released and the vehicle is stopped.  Be sure to keep your foot on the brake pedal when shifting between these gears.  The transmission gear selector provides PARK, REVERSE, NEUTRAL, DRIVE and MANUAL (AutoStick) shift positions.  Manual shifts can be made using the AutoStick shift control.  Toggling the gear selector forward (-) or rearward (+) while in the MANUAL (AutoStick) position (beside the DRIVE position) will manually select the transmission gear, and will display the current gear in the instrument cluster Note: In the event of a mismatch between the gear selector position and the actual transmission gear (for example, driver selects PARK while driving), the position indicator will blink continuously until the selector is returned to the proper position, or the requested shift can be completed.  Note: If the gear selector cannot be moved to the PARK, REVERSE, or NEUTRAL position (when pushed forward), it is probably in the AutoStick (+/-) position (beside the DRIVE position).  In AutoStick mode, the transmission gear (1, 2, 3, etc.)  is displayed in the instrument cluster.  Move the gear selector to the right (into the DRIVE [D] position) for access to PARK, REVERSE, and NEUTRAL.