STARTING THE ENGINE — GASOLINE ENGINE (IF EQUIPPED) Before starting your vehicle, adjust your seat, adjust both inside and outside mirrors, and fasten your seat belts.  WARNING: When exiting the vehicle, always remove the key fob from the ignition and lock your vehicle.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle, or in a location accessible to children.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.  Do not leave children or animals inside parked vehicles in hot weather.  Interior heat build-up may cause serious injury or death.  Starting Fluids The engine is equipped with a glow plug preheating system.  If the instructions in this manual are followed, the engine should start in all conditions and no type of starting fluid should be used.  WARNING: Do not leave children or animals inside parked vehicles in hot weather.  Interior heat build-up may cause serious injury or death.  When leaving the vehicle, always make sure the keyless ignition node is in the OFF position, remove the key fob from the vehicle and lock the vehicle.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle, or in a location accessible to children, and do not leave the ignition of a vehicle equipped with Keyless Enter ‘n Go™ in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.  Power Door Locks — If Equipped The power door lock switch is located on each front door panel.  Push the switch forward to unlock the doors, and rearward to lock the doors.  WARNING: For personal security reasons and safety in a collision, lock the vehicle doors when you drive, as well as when you park and exit the vehicle.  When exiting the vehicle, always place the ignition in the OFF position and remove the key from the vehicle.  Unsupervised use of vehicle equipment may cause severe personal injuries and death.  Never leave children alone in a vehicle, or with access to an unlocked vehicle.  Allowing children to be in a vehicle unattended is dangerous for a number of reasons.  A child or others could be seriously or fatally injured.  Children should be warned not to touch the parking brake, brake pedal or the gear selector.  Do not leave the key fob in or near the vehicle or in a location accessible to children.  A child could operate power windows, other controls, or move the vehicle.