If the light turns on while driving, safely pull over and stop the vehicle.  If the Air Conditioning (A/C) system is on, turn it off.  Also, shift the transmission into NEUTRAL and idle the vehicle.  If the temperature reading does not return to normal, turn the engine off immediately and call for serviceIn unusual situations involving grossly malfunctioning engine operation, a scorching odor may suggest severe and abnormal catalyst overheating.  If this occurs, stop the vehicle, turn off the engine and allow it to cool.  Service, including a tune-up to manufacturer's specifications, should be obtained immediately.  This warning light warns of an overheated engine condition.  If the engine coolant temperature is too high, this indicator will illuminate and a single chime will sound.  If the temperature reaches the upper limit, a continuous chime will sound for four minutes or until the engine is able to cool; whichever comes first.  If you continue operating the vehicle when the Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated you could cause the fluid to boil over, come in contact with hot engine or exhaust components and cause a fire.  If you continue to operate the vehicle when the CLUTCH HOT message is displayed or Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated, you could cause the clutch to overheat and cause a fire.  If the engine fails to start after you have followed the “Normal Starting” procedure and the vehicle has not experienced an extended park condition as defined previously, it may be flooded.  Push the accelerator pedal all the way to the floor and hold it there.  Crank the engine for no more than 10 seconds.  This should clear any excess fuel in case the engine is flooded.  Leave the ignition key in the ON/ RUN position, release the accelerator pedal and repeat the “Normal Starting” procedure.  Do not open hot engine cooling system.  Never add engine coolant (antifreeze) when the engine is overheated.  Do not loosen or remove the cap to cool an overheated engine.  Heat causes pressure to build-up in the cooling system.  To prevent scalding or injury, do not remove the pressure cap while the system is hot or under pressure.  Do not use a pressure cap other than the one specified for your vehicle.  Personal injury or engine damage may result.  After an accident, remember to cycle the ignition to the STOP (OFF/LOCK) position and remove the key from the ignition switch to avoid draining the battery.  Carefully check the vehicle for fuel leaks in the engine compartment and on the ground near the engine compartment and fuel tank before resetting the system and starting the engine.  If there are no fuel leaks or damage to the vehicle electrical devices (e.g.  headlights) after an accident, reset the system by following the procedure described below.  If you have any doubt, contact an authorized dealer.