Transmission function is monitored electronically for abnormal conditions.  If a condition is detected that could result in transmission damage, Transmission Limp Home mode is activated.  In this mode, the transmission may operate only in certain gears, or may not shift at all.  Vehicle performance may be severely degraded and the engine may stall.  In some situations, the transmission may not re-engage if the engine is turned off and restarted.  The Malfunction Indicator Light (MIL) may be illuminated.  A message in the instrument cluster will inform the driver of the more serious conditions, and indicate what actions may be necessary.  It is important to use the proper transmission fluid to ensure optimum transmission performance and life.  Use only manufacturer's specified transmission fluid It is important to maintain the transmission fluid at the correct level using the recommended fluid.  Using a transmission fluid other than manufacturer’s recommended fluid may cause deterioration in transmission shift quality and/or torque converter shudder Continuous driving with the Transmission Temperature Warning Light illuminated will eventually cause severe transmission damage or transmission failure.  If you continue to operate the vehicle when the CLUTCH HOT message is displayed or Transmission Temperature Warning Light is illuminated, you could cause the clutch to overheat and cause severe clutch damage, transmission damage or failure.  Using a lower gear while operating the vehicle under heavy loading conditions, will improve performance and extend transmission life by reducing excessive shifting and heat build-up.  This action will also provide better engine braking.  Towing the vehicle, coasting, or driving for any other reason with the transmission in NEUTRAL can cause severe transmission damage.  For Recreational Towing For Towing A Disabled Vehicle When frequent transmission shifting occurs (such as when operating the vehicle under heavy loading conditions, in hilly terrain, traveling into strong head winds, or while towing a heavy trailer), use the AutoStick shift control to select a lower gear Under these conditions, using a lower gear will improve performance and extend transmission life by reducing excessive shifting and heat build-up.  Racing the engine or spinning the wheels may lead to transmission overheating and failure.  Allow the engine to idle with the transmission in NEUTRAL (N) for at least one minute after every five rocking-motion cycles.  This will minimize overheating and reduce the risk of clutch or transmission failure during prolonged efforts to free a stuck vehicle.  When “rocking” a stuck vehicle by shifting between DRIVE/SECOND gear and REVERSE, do not spin the wheels faster than 15 mph (24 km/h), or drivetrain damage may result.  Revving the engine or spinning the wheels too fast may lead to transmission overheating and failure.  It can also damage the tires.  Do not spin the wheels above 30 mph (48 km/h) while in gear (no transmission shifting occurring).  During cold weather, you may experience increased effort in shifting until the transmission fluid warms up.  This is normal.  Routine fluid and filter changes are not required.  However, change the fluid and filter if the fluid becomes contaminated (with water, etc.  ), or if the transmission is disassembled for any reason.