The Freedom Top panels storage bag allows you to store your hard top panels.  The storage bag contains two compartments.  Insert the left side hard top panel into the bag with the latches facing upward.  Unfold the black panel divider (ensure the divider is lying flat).  Insert the right side Freedom Top panel into the bag with the latches facing downward.  Ensure the front panel latch is closed prior to inserting the panel into the bag.  Unfold the outer flap and zip the hard top bag closed.  Step Four Store the Freedom Top panels bag in a safe location.  Ensure the front panel latch is closed prior to inserting the panel into the panels bag.  There is a pouch located on the front of the bag to store the provided hard top edge protectors that are used when the hard top is not installed on the vehicle.  Start by removing the rear window first.  Use the two straps located on the bottom of each side of the rear window to remove the right and left vertical retainers, as well as the lower center retainer.  Step One (Right Side Shown) Step One While keeping the rear window level, slide it outward in either direction until it is completely separate from its retainer.  Do not pull downward while removing the rear window.  Damage to the retainer could result.  Store the rear window in the soft top rear window storage bag (if equipped), or in a safe location Step Two After removing the rear window, remove the quarter panel cover assemblies starting with either side.  Disengage the quarter panel cover assembly from the bottom by pulling the fabric at the bottom upward.  With two hands, grab the front of the quarter panel cover assembly and pull outward to disengage it from its retainer on the door frame.  Step Four Pull the quarter panel cover assembly up and out from the bottom, then pull it down and away from the vehicle to remove.  Step Five Repeat this procedure for the other quarter panel cover assembly.  Store the assemblies in the soft top rear window storage bag (if equipped), or a safe location.