Extreme Cold Weather The cartridge block heater clips into the engine block near the water jacket and transfers heat to the coolant.  It requires a 110–115 Volt AC electrical outlet with a grounded, three-wire extension cord.  Its use is recommended for environments that routinely fall below -10°F (-23°C).  It should be used when the vehicle has not been running overnight or longer periods and should be plugged in two hours prior to start.  Its use is required for cold starts with temperatures under -20°F (-28°C).  A 12 Volt heater built into the fuel filter housing aids in preventing fuel gelling.  It is controlled by a built-in thermostat.  A Diesel Pre-Heat system both improves engine starting and reduces the amount of white smoke generated by a warming engine.  Note: The engine block heater and heater cord are factory installed options.  If your vehicle is not equipped, engine block heaters and heater cords are available from an authorized Mopar® dealer.  Power Outlets There is a 12 Volt (13 A) auxiliary power outlet that can provide power for accessories designed for use with the standard power outlet adapters.  The front power outlet is located in the center of the instrument panel below the climate controls, and is powered from the ignition switch.  Power is available when the ignition switch is in the ACC or ON/RUN position.  WARNING: To avoid serious injury or death: Do not insert any objects into the receptacles.  Do not touch with wet hands.  Close the lid when not in use.  If this outlet is mishandled, it may cause an electric shock and failure.  CAUTION: Do not exceed the maximum power of 160 W (13 A) at 12 Volts.  If the 160 W (13 A) power rating is exceeded, the fuse protecting the system will need to be replaced.  Power outlets are designed for accessory plugs only.  Do not insert any other object in the power outlets as this will damage the outlet and blow the fuse.  Improper use of the power outlet can cause damage not covered by your New Vehicle Limited Warranty.  Many accessories that can be plugged in draw power from the vehicle's battery, even when not in use (i.e., cellular phones, etc.).  Eventually, if plugged in long enough, the vehicle's battery will discharge sufficiently to degrade battery life and/or prevent the engine from starting.  Accessories that draw higher power (i.e., coolers, vacuum cleaners, lights, etc.  ), will degrade the battery even more quickly.  Only use these intermittently and with greater caution.  After the use of high power draw accessories, or long periods of the vehicle not being started (with accessories still plugged in), the vehicle must be driven a sufficient length of time to allow the alternator to recharge the vehicle's battery.  Power outlets are designed for accessory plugs only.  Do not hang any type of accessory or accessory bracket from the plug.  Improper use of the power outlet can cause damage Extreme Cold Weather (Below –22°F Or −30°C) To ensure reliable starting at these temperatures, use of an externally powered electric engine block heater (available from an authorized dealer) is recommended.