Safe Usage Of The Uconnect System The Uconnect system is a sophisticated electronic device.  Do not let young children use the system.  Permanent hearing loss may occur if you play your music or sound system at loud volumes.  Exercise caution when setting the volume on the system.  Keep drinks, rain and other sources of moisture away from the system.  Besides damage to the system, moisture can cause electric shocks as with any electronic device.  Note: Many features of this system are speed dependent.  For your own safety, it is not possible to use some of the touchscreen features while the vehicle is in motion.  Screen Activated Features Dialing via Keypad using touchscreen.  Viewing and Calling contacts from Phonebooks displayed on the touchscreen.  Setting Favorite Contact phone numbers so they are easily accessible on the Main Phone screen.  Viewing and Calling contacts from Recent Call logs.  Reviewing your recent Incoming SMS Messages.  Pairing up to 10 phones/audio devices for easy access to connect to them quickly.  Your mobile phone’s audio is transmitted through your vehicle’s audio system; the system will automatically mute your radio when using the Uconnect Phone.  For uconnect customer support: us visit uconnectphone.com or call 877-855-8400 canada visit uconnectphone.com or call 800-465-2001 (english) or (french) call 800-387-9983 uconnect phone allows you to transfer calls between the system and your mobile phone as you enter or exit your vehicle and enables you to mute the system's microphone for private conversation.  The Phone feature is driven through your Bluetooth® “Hands-Free Profile” mobile phone.  Uconnect features Bluetooth® technology — the global standard that enables different electronic devices to connect to each other without wires or a docking station.  Ensure you phone is turned on with Bluetooth® active and has been paired to the Uconnect system.  Up to 10 mobile phones or audio devices are allowed to be linked to the system.  Only one linked (or paired) mobile phone and one audio device can be used with the system at a time.  Note: Your phone must be capable of SMS messaging via Bluetooth® for messaging features to work properly.  WARNING: ALWAYS drive safely with your hands on the steering wheel.  You have full responsibility and assume all risks related to the use of the Uconnect features and applications in this vehicle.  Only use Uconnect when it is safe to do so.  Failure to do so may result in an accident involving serious injury or death.  Multiple Devices Connecting To The Uconnect System — If Equipped It is possible to have multiple devices connected to the Uconnect system.  For example, if using Android Auto™/Apple CarPlay®, the connected device will be used to place hands-free phone calls or send hands-free text messages.  However, another device can also be paired to the Uconnect system, via Bluetooth®, as an audio source, so the passenger can stream music.  Note: Apple CarPlay® and Android Auto™ can only be launched from the front and center console USB ports.