WARNING LIGHTS AND MESSAGES The warning/indicator lights will illuminate in the instrument panel together with a dedicated message and/or acoustic signal when applicable.  These indications are indicative and precautionary and as such must not be considered as exhaustive and/or alternative to the information contained in the Owner’s Manual, which you are advised to read carefully in all cases.  Always refer to the information in this chapter in the event of a failure indication.  All active telltales will display first if applicable.  The system check menu may appear different based upon equipment options and current vehicle status.  Some telltales are optional and may not appear.  How To Use Remote Start Push and release the Remote Start button on the key fob twice within five seconds.  The vehicle doors and tailgate will lock, the turn signals will flash twice, and the horn will chirp twice.  Pushing the Remote Start button again will shut the engine off.  All of the following conditions must be met before the engine will remote start: gear selector in park doors closed hood closed hazard switch off brake switch inactive (brake pedal not pressed) battery at an acceptable charge level panic button not pushed fuel meets minimum requirement system not disabled from previous remote start event vehicle security system not active all removable doors must not be removed malfunction indicator/check engine telltale is not illuminated water in fuel telltale is not illuminated wait to start telltale is not illuminated for additional remote start information, see.  Note: With Remote Start, the engine will only run for 15 minutes.  Remote Start can only be used twice.  If an engine fault is present or fuel level is low, the vehicle will start and then shut down in 10 seconds.  The parking lights will turn on and remain on during Remote Start mode.  For security, power window operation is disabled when the vehicle is in the Remote Start mode.  The ignition must be placed in the ON/RUN position before the Remote Start sequence can be repeated for a third cycle.  Driver And Passenger BeltAlert — If Equipped BeltAlert is a feature intended to remind the driver and outboard front seat passenger (if equipped with outboard front passenger seat BeltAlert) to buckle their seat belts.  The Belt Alert feature is active whenever the ignition switch is in the START or ON/RUN position.