Component Fluid, Lubricant, or Genuine Part Automatic Transmission – If Equipped Use only Mopar® ZF 8 & 9 Speed ATF Automatic Transmission Fluid or equivalent.  Failure to use the correct fluid may affect the function or performance of your transmission.  Manual Transmission – If Equipped We recommend using Mopar® ATF+4 Automatic Transmission Fluid.  Transfer Case We recommend using Mopar® ATF+4 Automatic Transmission Fluid.  Front Axle Differential We recommend using Mopar® Gear & Axle Lubricant (SAE 75W85) (API GL-5).  Rear Axle Differential (M220 Sales Codes DRE/DRF) We recommend using Mopar® Gear & Axle Lubricant (SAE 75W85) (API GL-5).  Models equipped with Trac-Lok Limited Slip Differential require a friction modifier additive.  Brake Master Cylinder We recommend using Mopar® DOT 3 Brake Fluid, SAE J1703.  Power Steering Reservoir We recommend using Mopar® Electric Steering Pump Fluid.  Synthetic engine oils which do not have both the correct API trademark and the correct SAE viscosity grade numbers should not be used.  DO NOT use E-85, gasoline containing methanol, or gasoline containing more than 15% ethanol (E-15).  Use of these blends may result in starting and drivability problems, damage critical fuel system components, cause emissions to exceed the applicable standard, and/or cause the Malfunction Indicator Light to illuminate.  Please observe pump labels as they should clearly communicate if a fuel contains greater than 15% ethanol (E-15).  Example: example size designation: p215/65r15xl 95h, 215/65r15 96h, lt235/85r16c, t145/80d18 103m, 31x10.5 r15 lt p = passenger car tire size based on us design standards, or "....blank...." = passenger car tire based on european design standards, or lt = light truck tire based on us design standards, or t or s = temporary spare tire, or 31 = overall diameter in inches (in) 215, 235, 145 = section width in millimeters (mm) 65, 85, 80 = aspect ratio in percent (%) ratio of section height to section width of tire, or 10.5 = section width in inches (in) r = construction code "r" means radial construction, or "d" means diagonal or bias construction 15, 16, 18 = rim diameter in inches (in) service description: 95 = load index a numerical code associated with the maximum load a tire can carry h = speed symbol a symbol indicating the range of speeds at which a tire can carry a load corresponding to its load index under certain operating conditions the maximum speed corresponding to the speed symbol should only be achieved under specified operating conditions (i.e., tire pressure, vehicle loading, road conditions, and posted speed limits) load identification: absence of the following load identification symbols on the sidewall of the tire indicates a standard load (sl) tire: xl = extra load (or reinforced) tire, or ll = light load tire or c, d, e, f, g = load range associated with the maximum load a tire can carry at a specified pressure maximum load – maximum load indicates the maximum load this tire is designed to carry maximum pressure – maximum pressure indicates the maximum permissible cold tire inflation pressure for this tire if a non-ffv vehicle is inadvertently fueled with e-85 fuel, the engine will have some or all of these symptoms: the gvwr is the total allowable weight of your vehicle.  This includes driver, passengers, cargo and tongue weight.  The total load must be limited so that you do not exceed the GVWR The API Starburst trademark certifies 0W-20, 0W-30 and 5W-30 engine oils.  Example: dot ma l9 abcd 0301 dot = department of transportation this symbol certifies that the tire is in compliance with the us department of transportation tire safety standards and is approved for highway use ma = code representing the tire manufacturing location (two digits) l9 = code representing the tire size (two digits) abcd = code used by the tire manufacturer (one to four digits) 03 = number representing the week in which the tire was manufactured (two digits) 03 means the 3rd week 01 = number representing the year in which the tire was manufactured (two digits) 01 means the year 2001 prior to july 2000, tire manufacturers were only required to have one number to represent the year in which the tire was manufactured.  Example: 031 could represent the 3rd week of 1981 or 1991 What is the phone number for roadside assistance call?  The phone number is: US: 1-800-521-2779 Canada: 1-800-363-4869 If I am subscribed to SiriusXM Guardian™, does it cover towing or other expenses incurred by using roadside assistance?  No, however your new vehicle may include Roadside Assistance Call services.  Setting Name Description Voice Response Length This setting will change the response length for the Voice Recognition system.  The “Brief” setting provides a shortened audio description from the system.  The “Detailed” setting provides the full audio description from the system.  Show Command List This setting will allow you to turn the Command List on or off.  The “Always” setting will always show the Command List.  The “With Help” setting will show the Command List and provide a brief description of what the command does.  The “Never” setting will turn the Command List off.