If the “SERVICE POWER STEERING” message and a flashing icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that the vehicle needs to be taken to an authorized dealer for service.  It is likely the vehicle has lost power steering assistanceIf the “POWER STEERING HOT” message and an icon are displayed on the instrument cluster screen, it indicates that extreme steering maneuvers may have occurred, which caused an over temperature condition in the power steering system.  You will lose power steering assistance momentarily until the over temperature condition no longer exists.  Once driving conditions are safe, pull over and let vehicle idle for a few moments until the light turns off The light located within the ASSIST and SOS buttons will continuously be illuminated red.  The Device Screen will display the following message “Vehicle device requires service.  Please contact an authorized dealer.” An In-Vehicle Audio message will state “Vehicle device requires service.  Please contact an authorized dealer.” This warning light will turn on when there's a fault with the EPS system When the Off Road+ button is pushed in the switch bank, the Instrument Cluster Display will begin to show messages related to the feature.  Depending on the Four-Wheel Drive mode in use, the messages will differ, and after five seconds, all messages will clear from the display.  The messages are as follows: Your vehicle is equipped with an Electro-Hydraulic Power Steering system that will provide increased vehicle response and ease of maneuverability.  If the Electro-Hydraulic Power Steering system experiences a fault that prevents it from providing power steering assist, then the system will provide mechanical steering capability.  The “BRAKE!” screen in the instrument cluster display is a warning for the driver to take action and does not necessarily mean that the Forward Collision Warning system is applying the brakes autonomously.  Push the SWAY BAR switch to disconnect or connect the sway bar.  The Sway Bar Indicator Light (located in the instrument cluster) will illuminate when the bar is disconnected.  The Sway Bar Indicator Light will flash during activation transition, or when activation conditions are not met.  The stabilizer/sway bar should remain in on-road mode during normal driving conditions.  The Phone button on your steering wheel is used to get into the Phone Mode and make calls, show recent, incoming or outgoing calls, view phonebook, etc.  When you push the button you will hear a BEEP.  The BEEP is your signal to give a command.  If the “SERVICE STOP/START SYSTEM” message appears in the instrument cluster display, have the system checked by an authorized dealer.