Lower sales of DAS conditioners, which includes our Universal DAS Interface Tray (UDIT) active conditioner, were the largest contributor to the year-over-year decline. The overall market for these stand-alone conditioners is expected to continue to decline over time, as their key function, the attenuation of the RF signal from its high-power source to low-power required for a DAS, becomes more integrated into the DAS head-ends themselves (or in some applications, a low enough power level may already be provided by the RF source). Further, in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2018, one service provider that had previously been a large UDIT buyer made an unexpectedly abrupt network architecture shift to an alternative, non-DAS solution for their in-building coverage. This resulted in an even sharper decline during fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018. We expect the current lower levels of UDIT revenue to be flat-to-down in the future, with its primary market coming from capacity expansions at existing sites where embedded DAS networks included UDIT.  Lower sales of DAS conditioners, which includes our Universal DAS Interface Tray (UDIT) active conditioner, were the largest contributor to the year-over-year decline. The overall market for these stand-alone conditioners is expected to continue to decline over time, as their key function, the attenuation of the RF signal from its high-power source to low-power required for a DAS, becomes more integrated into the DAS head-ends themselves (or in some applications, a low enough power level may already be provided by the RF source). Further, in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2018, one service provider that had previously been a large UDIT buyer made an unexpectedly abrupt network architecture shift to an alternative, non-DAS solution for their in-building coverage. This resulted in an even sharper decline during fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018. We expect the current lower levels of UDIT revenue to be flat-to-down in the future, with its primary market coming from capacity expansions at existing sites where embedded DAS networks included UDIT.