Acquisitions of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of the acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair values at the date of exchange of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity instruments issued by the Group. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in the income statement as incurred. The acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree, if any, over the net amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The interest of the non-controlling shareholders in the acquiree may initially be measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling shareholders’ proportion of the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired, liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed. The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Acquisitions of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of the acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair values at the date of exchange of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity instruments issued by the Group. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in the income statement as incurred. The acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree, if any, over the net amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The interest of the non-controlling shareholders in the acquiree may initially be measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling shareholders’ proportion of the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired, liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed. The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis.