On December 22, 2017, the President of the United States signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "TCJA"). The TCJA amended the Internal Revenue Code and reduced the corporate tax rate from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21% rate. The rate reduction was effective on January 1, 2018. The Company's net deferred tax assets represent a decrease in corporate taxes expected to be paid in the future. Under generally accepted accounting principles deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company's net deferred tax asset was determined based on the current enacted federal tax rate of 35% prior to the passage of the Act. As a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% and other provisions under the TCJA, the Company made reasonable estimates of the effects of the TCJA and revalued its net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2017 resulting in a reduction in the value of its net deferred tax asset of approximately $9.0 million and recorded a transition tax of $2.3 million related to its foreign operations for a total of $11.3 million, which was recorded as additional noncash income tax expense in the year ended December 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2018, the Company had collected all of the necessary data to complete its analysis of the effect of the TCJA on its underlying deferred income taxes and recorded a $0.1 million reduction in the value to its net deferred tax asset. The TCJA subjects a U.S. shareholder to current tax on global intangible low-taxed income earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. FASB Staff Q&A, Topic 740, No. 5, "Accounting for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income", states that the Company is permitted to make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred income taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as global intangible low-taxed income in future years or provide for the income tax expense related to such income in the year the income tax is incurred. The Company has made an accounting policy to record these income taxes as a period cost in the year the income tax in incurred.