In the normal course of business the Company takes positions on its tax returns that may be challenged by taxing
authorities. The Company evaluates all uncertain tax positions to assess whether the position will more likely than not
be sustained upon examination. If the Company determines that the tax position is not more likely than not to be
sustained, the Company records a liability for the amount of the benefit that is not more likely than not to be realized
when the tax position is settled. The Company does not have a liability for uncertain tax positions at December 31,
2019 and does not expect that its liability for uncertain tax positions will materially increase during the twelve months
ended December 31, 2020, however, actual changes in the liability for uncertain tax positions could be different than
currently expected. If recognized, changes in the Company's total unrecognized tax benefits would impact the
Company's effective income tax rate.
In the normal course of business the Company takes positions on its tax returns that may be challenged by taxing authorities. The Company evaluates all uncertain tax positions to assess whether the position will more likely than not be sustained upon examination. If the Company determines that the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained, the Company records a liability for the amount of the benefit that is not more likely than not to be realized when the tax position is settled. The Company does not have a liability for uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2019 and does not expect that its liability for uncertain tax positions will materially increase during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, however, actual changes in the liability for uncertain tax positions could be different than currently expected. If recognized, changes in the Company's total unrecognized tax benefits would impact the Company's effective income tax rate. In the normal course of business the Company takes positions on its tax returns that may be challenged by taxing authorities. The Company evaluates all uncertain tax positions to assess whether the position will more likely than not be sustained upon examination. If the Company determines that the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained, the Company records a liability for the amount of the benefit that is not more likely than not to be realized when the tax position is settled. The Company does not have a liability for uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2019 and does not expect that its liability for uncertain tax positions will materially increase during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, however, actual changes in the liability for uncertain tax positions could be different than currently expected. If recognized, changes in the Company's total unrecognized tax benefits would impact the Company's effective income tax rate. In the normal course of business the Company takes positions on its tax returns that may be challenged by taxing authorities. The Company evaluates all uncertain tax positions to assess whether the position will more likely than not be sustained upon examination. If the Company determines that the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained, the Company records a liability for the amount of the benefit that is not more likely than not to be realized when the tax position is settled. The Company does not have a liability for uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2019 and does not expect that its liability for uncertain tax positions will materially increase during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, however, actual changes in the liability for uncertain tax positions could be different than currently expected. If recognized, changes in the Company's total unrecognized tax benefits would impact the Company's effective income tax rate.