In connection with Arlo's Separation, the Company incurred Separation expense of $34.2 million since commencing in December 2017. Separation expense primarily consists of third-party advisory, consulting, legal and professional services, IT costs and employee bonuses directly related to the separation, as well as other items that are incremental and one-time in nature that are related to the separation. The majority of these costs are reflected in the Company's consolidated statement of operations as discontinued operations for all periods presented. In addition, in the third fiscal quarter of 2018, the Company contributed $70.0 million in cash to Arlo and provided for, among other things, the transfer from NETGEAR to Arlo of assets and the assumption by Arlo of liabilities comprising its business effected through a master separation agreement between NETGEAR and Arlo. The master separation agreement governs the separation of Arlo's business from NETGEAR as well as various interim arrangements. In connection with these arrangements, during the third and fourth quarter of 2018, NETGEAR recorded a reduction to operating expenses of $6.3 million relating to the transition services, which are reflected in the Company's consolidated statement of operations as discontinued operations for the periods presented. In the third quarter of 2018, NETGEAR provided billing and collection services to Arlo in respect of its trade receivables and trade payments. As of December 31, 2018, NETGEAR had a net liability to Arlo of $12.2 million relating to these transition service, billing and collection services, and the net liability was classified within accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not expect the amounts relating to such services to be material after the Distribution. Additionally, the Company entered into certain other agreements that provide a framework for the relationship between NETGEAR and Arlo after the separation, including a transition services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, an intellectual property rights cross-license agreement, and a registration rights agreement. In connection with Arlo's Separation, the Company incurred Separation expense of $34.2 million since commencing in December 2017. Separation expense primarily consists of third-party advisory, consulting, legal and professional services, IT costs and employee bonuses directly related to the separation, as well as other items that are incremental and one-time in nature that are related to the separation. The majority of these costs are reflected in the Company's consolidated statement of operations as discontinued operations for all periods presented. In addition, in the third fiscal quarter of 2018, the Company contributed $70.0 million in cash to Arlo and provided for, among other things, the transfer from NETGEAR to Arlo of assets and the assumption by Arlo of liabilities comprising its business effected through a master separation agreement between NETGEAR and Arlo. The master separation agreement governs the separation of Arlo's business from NETGEAR as well as various interim arrangements. In connection with these arrangements, during the third and fourth quarter of 2018, NETGEAR recorded a reduction to operating expenses of $6.3 million relating to the transition services, which are reflected in the Company's consolidated statement of operations as discontinued operations for the periods presented. In the third quarter of 2018, NETGEAR provided billing and collection services to Arlo in respect of its trade receivables and trade payments. As of December 31, 2018, NETGEAR had a net liability to Arlo of $12.2 million relating to these transition service, billing and collection services, and the net liability was classified within accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not expect the amounts relating to such services to be material after the Distribution. Additionally, the Company entered into certain other agreements that provide a framework for the relationship between NETGEAR and Arlo after the separation, including a transition services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, an intellectual property rights cross-license agreement, and a registration rights agreement.