IMFT's capital requirements are generally determined based on an annual plan approved by the members, and capital contributions to IMFT are requested as needed. Capital requests are made to the members in proportion to their then-current ownership interest. Members may elect to not contribute their proportional share, and in such event, the contributing member may elect to contribute any amount of the capital request, either in the form of an equity contribution or member debt financing. Under the supply agreement, the members have rights and obligations to the capacity of IMFT in proportion to their investment, including member debt financing. Any capital contribution or member debt financing results in a proportionate adjustment to the sharing of output on an eight-month lag. Pursuant to the terms of the IMFT joint venture agreement, Intel provided debt financing of $1.01 billion to IMFT in 2018 and IMFT repaid $316 million to Intel in 2019. As of August 29, 2019, current debt included $693 million of IMFT Member Debt. Members pay their proportionate share of fixed costs associated with IMFT's capacity.  IMFT's capital requirements are generally determined based on an annual plan approved by the members, and capital contributions to IMFT are requested as needed. Capital requests are made to the members in proportion to their then-current ownership interest. Members may elect to not contribute their proportional share, and in such event, the contributing member may elect to contribute any amount of the capital request, either in the form of an equity contribution or member debt financing. Under the supply agreement, the members have rights and obligations to the capacity of IMFT in proportion to their investment, including member debt financing. Any capital contribution or member debt financing results in a proportionate adjustment to the sharing of output on an eight-month lag. Pursuant to the terms of the IMFT joint venture agreement, Intel provided debt financing of $1.01 billion to IMFT in 2018 and IMFT repaid $316 million to Intel in 2019. As of August 29, 2019, current debt included $693 million of IMFT Member Debt. Members pay their proportionate share of fixed costs associated with IMFT's capacity.