David C. Habiger has served on the Board since December 2016. Mr. Habiger currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of JD Power, a privately held company. Mr. Habiger served as a director of DTS from March 2014 until its acquisition by the Company in December 2016. Mr. Habiger serves as a director of the Chicago Federal Reserve Board. He is on the SABOR (Systems Activities, Bank Operations and Risk) Committee and the Governance & HR Committee for the
Federal Reserve. Mr. Habiger served as the CEO at Textura Corporation, a soft
David C. Habiger has served on the Board since December 2016. Mr. Habiger currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of JD Power, a privately held company. Mr. Habiger served as a director of DTS from March 2014 until its acquisition by the Company in December 2016. Mr. Habiger serves as a director of the Chicago Federal Reserve Board. He is on the SABOR (Systems Activities, Bank Operations and Risk) Committee and the Governance & HR Committee for the Federal Reserve. Mr. Habiger served as the CEO at Textura Corporation, a soft David C. Habiger has served on the Board since December 2016. Mr. Habiger currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of JD Power, a privately held company. Mr. Habiger served as a director of DTS from March 2014 until its acquisition by the Company in December 2016. Mr. Habiger serves as a director of the Chicago Federal Reserve Board. He is on the SABOR (Systems Activities, Bank Operations and Risk) Committee and the Governance & HR Committee for the Federal Reserve. Mr. Habiger served as the CEO at Textura Corporation, a software company focused on construction management, from May 2015 until its sale to Oracle in June 2016. From May 2011 to August 2012, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of NDS Group Ltd., a provider of video software and content security solutions. Mr. Habiger worked with the founding members of Sonic Solutions (“Sonic”), a computer software company, from 1992 to 2011 and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Sonic from 2005 to 2011. He serves as a director for Echo Global Logistics, Inc., GrubHub Inc., and Stamps.com Inc., and previously served as a director for Control4 Corporation, Enova International, Inc., Immersion Corporation, RealD Inc., Textura Corporation, DTS, and Sonic Solutions. He is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors and is on the Advisory Board of the University of Chicago Center for Entrepreneurship. Mr. Habiger received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from St. Norbert College and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. The Board believes that Mr. Habiger brings extensive experience in the digital media and entertainment industries and his in-depth knowledge and understanding of the consumer electronics industry to his role as a member of the Board.